---
title: "(6.3) Polish up"
---

The moment the idea born, you will feel excited and got a wonderful thing. Unfortunately, there is no guarantee that the idea is valuable. Validation is required. [[Thomas Edison]] also said that "Many people think of inventions as coming on a man all in one piece ... Things don’t happen that way, much." *40

Idea is not born in its complete form from the beginning, but it gradually improves by refining what was born in an incomplete form. Edison said that "I have never failed, but I just found 10,000 ways that did not work" . If you did experiment with your idea, and it did not work. It is not "failure" but "discovery of a way that does not work". You progressed a step towards the ways to work.

- [[(6.3.1) Minimum Viable Product]]
- [[(6.3.2) Climb the U-curve]]
- [[(6.3.3) The viewpoint of others is important]]
- [[(6.3.4) You can learn from anyone]]
- [[(6.3.5) A customer want a time machine]]
- [[(Column) Knowledge Distribution Chart]]
- [[(6.3.6) Plow it again]]
- [[(Column) We can not communicate bi-directionally with books]]

*40: [[Alex Osborn]] introduced it in his book [[Your Creative Power]] (p.253). I have not yet find where Edison wrote it.

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/(6.3) Polish up](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/(6.3) Polish up) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.