---
title: "2017-11-27"
---

The etymology of the system, monetization of goods that are easy to replicate, and the story of the system are mixed up.

[2017-11-27 Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10213887829726428)
In the past, the image of physical goods became abstracted to "[[goods]]," and the image of concrete money became abstracted to "[[capital]]," and concrete work became "[[reproduction on an enlarged or expanded scale]] of capital. Just as the image of goods and money became "the market (as a concept)" (shijo), so the exchange of goods and money became abstracted and "the market (as a concept)" (shijo). The market increases liquidity [[system]].

The word "system" is another abstraction that came about as a result of abstraction.

In primitive times, most of them were non-combination objects such as "water" and "acorns", but as civilization progressed, they began to create objects that functioned by combining elements, such as "stag" and "bow". 2000 years ago in Greece, vending machines were created. The Greek word for "[[combination]] of things" is [[Etymology of the System]].

In abstracting physical objects into "goods," the ease of reproduction was discarded. This is because some physical objects are easy to reproduce and others are not. On the other hand, it has become known over the past 20 years that it is difficult to directly exchange [[easy to reproduce]] goods for money that cannot be reproduced, and monetization in the [[advertising model]] is now being considered.

Monetization in the advertising model is a model in which, since a certain easily duplicable good is difficult to exchange directly for money, the user is allowed to use the good free of charge, thereby generating another hard-to-replicate good called views, which are then given to the person who wants the views in order to earn money. Conversely, the [[subscription]] model reduces the ease of reproduction. If you don't keep paying, you lose your [[access right]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2017-11-27](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2017-11-27) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.