---
title: "2018-02-04-2"
---

- The question of whether to [[Hide Ideas]] or publish when doing some kind of project.
- If the hurdle is coming up with the idea, it is better to hide it. If the hurdle is putting the idea into practice after coming up with it, it is necessary to disclose it as soon as possible, gather collaborators, learn from their feedback, and increase the speed of improvement.
- However, immediately after coming up with the idea, it is agnostic whether execution is a hurdle
- I feel like it comes down to, "Forget the nonsense, [[get on with it]]."
- If you think you can run to the goal by yourself, then you should run quickly, and if you don't think you can run, then you should ask for help.
- A disease that tries to do everything by itself because it hates being dependent on others.
- Better than staying in a state of dependence (is it really better? I'll have to dig deeper and think about it, but I'll hold off for now), [[I'm so averse to dependence that I isolate myself]].
- The state of being in an equal and productive relationship with another person is one in which both parties gain from maintaining the relationship with the other, so they lose when the relationship is severed. This appears to be the same as dependence from one side's perspective.
- The difference is when you look at the system as a whole. You need to be able to look at the system from a bird's eye view to understand the differences.
- I also tend to take on tasks alone, so I have to remind myself....
- I think the step [[from dependence to independence]] is the transition from thinking of yourself as incompetent to thinking of yourself as competent. [It is a "recovery of self-assurance. Therefore, it is difficult to let go of the [[self-assurance]] that you have gained and think, "It is better to depend on me than to do it myself.
- What should we do?
- Do we need to transition from a state of one type of self-affirmation to multiple states? By doing so, we can let go of some of it and leave it to others, while making contributions to others in the areas we leave behind, and maintain a sense that we are not an "unwanted child" as a whole and that we have a place in the world
- First divide the self-affirmation, and then do something to increase that affirmation about one thing. With the extra strength of that affirmation, guide them to let go of another affirmation.
- I think it is better to start from a place of "encouragement" and "affirmation" no matter what you do.
- A list of questions was shared, and one of them was "my coworkers don't attend study groups" Should I start with affirmation of this as well?
- Study groups are a means to acquire knowledge, so it is okay to read books instead of attending a study group, or to do your own sub-projects. Do not confuse purpose with means. Even if you don't participate in study groups, if you are acquiring knowledge in other ways, you should affirm that.
- The problem is that it's a case of doing nothing at all.
- They do not have the belief that learning will improve their future. So they are not willing to invest their time in the future.
- This is an investment decision, so ultimately the right answer can only be known by the test of time.
        - [[Only the test of time will tell what the right investment decision is.]]
- Agnostic about whether learning will improve the future, or whether learning will not improve the future at all and will only cause loss of time for entertainment.
- I have no stake in which stance the reader chooses, so it doesn't matter either way.
    - [[Teachings that are beneficial to learn]]
- As a result of the drinking session, it was concluded that people with low self-esteem should be given [[free and unconditional approval]] by getting them married or forming a commune of some kind.
- I thought that a commune that gives self-affirmation in writing is a religion.
- In other words, make "[[Teachings that are beneficial to learn]]" and give them self-affirmation (oblique conclusion).
    - [[Great teachers light a fire in the hearts of their students.]]
- This is another encouragement to cause action
- The "Learning is Good Doctrine" praises learning, but it must praise it even if one cannot learn. Otherwise it is not unconditional affirmation.
    - KUIKEI: No, there is also the option of becoming a cult sharpener.
        - Isn't it more likely that religious people exclude those who don't enjoy learning?
        - Counter, I assume that there is a doctrine that says you don't have to be able to learn, but I think pretty much everyone believes in that.
        - The kind of thing where you caused something serious and it's not my fault because I didn't know about it.

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2018-02-04-2](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2018-02-04-2) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.