---
title: "2018-01-15"
---

[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/1129148772/posts/10214300725008552?d=n&sfns=mo)
    - [[Economics of Goods Creation]] and the economics of [[exchanging]] them, [[list]] says.
        - [[Economics of Exchange]]
- The same can be said for knowledge and information, just with slightly different restrictions on exchange and distribution.
- The value of what we produce can only be known after the fact, after it has been produced.
- While the dimension of the search space was small, it was reasonable to run in one direction first to reach the edge and improve from there because the unexplored area was far from the origin, but as the dimension of the search space increases, it becomes less reasonable, which can be shown by simulation.
- The inability of humans to intuitively understand multidimensional space ([[curse of the dimension]]) has a fundamental impact
- In the early days of capitalism, the cycle of "use capital to invest in production equipment in factories, and that equipment earns capital" went around, but as far as the knowledge industry is concerned, production equipment is human.
    - [[Keisuke Sogawa]] Oh no, Nishio-san is catching up.
- Catching up?
- Keisuke Sogawa I meant for my interest. I have no other intention.
- The metaphor "[[gain on the heels of]]" implicitly assumes that [[Axis is one-dimensional]]! (Yeah.
        - [[One-dimensional assumptions]]

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2018-01-15](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2018-01-15) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.