---
title: "2021-04-12"
---

[[2020 Unexplored Junior after the first round of judging#5e999eadaff09e000069ce74]].
- Let's dig into specifics.
    - The way you speak to people who don't understand technology is different from the way you speak to people who do.
    - When explaining what you want to do to someone who understands technology, don't look at articles on the Internet "for people who don't understand technology" and copy them.
    - Those articles don't tell the detailed story of "how it was accomplished." That's because "non-technical readers" don't want that information.
    - Instead, we use words (buzzwords) that even "non-technical readers" know and that have an air of new technology. The most popular word of the past few years has been "artificial intelligence.
    - I saw a proposal that said, "I will solve this problem with artificial intelligence! I saw a proposal that said, "Artificial Intelligence to solve this problem! That's amazing! I don't think, "Wow! I think, "How exactly is it going to do that?" I think, "How exactly is it going to be done?
    - Since you are the one who will do this project, you must be able to explain "what exactly you will do starting tomorrow".
        - Equivalent to Type 1 of [[Type-specific advice for contest applicants]], common story

and

- [[Behavior toward unfamiliar words]]

I thought it was relevant to

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2021-04-12](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2021-04-12) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.