---
title: "2023/12/29"
---

from [/villagepump/2023/12/29](https://scrapbox.io/villagepump/2023/12/29)
- Write what comes to your mind in a very messy way.
    - The feeling of "I need to be able to do everything by myself" in one's 20s or so is a reaction to the situation in one's teens where one was a child and under the protection of adult guardians.
    - Then, around their 30s or 40s (varies from person to person), they start to feel that "[[they]] will never be able to do everything on their own.
        - It may be important to be in a situation where you can think, "I can't do it perfectly and they can't do it perfectly," in order to live with others.
            - It is a Bad Pattern to get frustrated when the other person does not behave in "what you consider to be the optimal way.
    - In a broad sense, one or two partnerships seem sufficient at first, but it seems like "[[independence means]] a lot of dependence," and in fact, it seems like a lot of partnerships might make people less dependent on one partnership or less afraid of the risk of losing it.
        - My miscellaneous guess is that this kind of mind change will be forced on people in their 50s and 60s, and the cause will be the increasing frequency of deaths experienced by their peers.
    - I wonder if we can reach a point in our 70s or 80s where we can say, "We started from zero when we were born, so it's only natural that we go back to zero.


---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023/12/29](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023/12/29) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.