---
title: "arc021_4"
---

[https://atcoder.jp/contests/arc021/tasks/arc021_4](https://atcoder.jp/contests/arc021/tasks/arc021_4)
- Thoughts.
    - The strange problem of making a tree with almost the smallest whole area.
        - O(ElogE) when the [[minimum area tree]] is obtained by the [Kruskal method)
        - There are 5000 points, so there are about 10^7 edges.
        - It's a little tough. It takes 200 to calculate the distance.
    - Is the key that the input is guaranteed to be random?
    - First, divide the point approximately in half
        - Just focus on one axis and divide by positive and negative.
        - The cost of the Kruskal method is halved because the sides are 1/4 of the cost of the Kruskal method.
        - The cost of connecting the two parts is high if you are trying to find the best edge, but this is fine if you connect them properly, only 2 at most worse than in the best case.
        - In fact, [[Curse of the dimension]] almost all the points have a distance near 1
    - I'm not sure if I'll be able to make it in half the time.
        - If they don't make it in time, they need to be broken into smaller pieces.
        - Judging from the minimum score of the sample, you can divide it into 16 pieces and connect them appropriately.
- Official Explanation
    - It's 200 dimensions, so I'm splitting it into 200 pieces.
    - You don't do that and prove that it fits within 1.01 times the optimal solution...

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/arc021_4](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/arc021_4) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.