---
title: "BMOT20190411"
---

Special lecture sponsored by [BMOT
Professor Shuzo Fujimura, Tokyo Institute of Technology
Learn the business, design the business."

- [[Management in Ordinary Times]]
- Different cognitive load in normal times and emergencies results in different forms of management.

- [[industrial republic]]
- We need to create a higher level system, not just a "corporate" unit.
- Analogy of the transition of the country's governance from an absolute monarchy to a republic.
- The question is how to make [lingua franca
    - I am interested in how this could be accomplished. Perhaps in peacetime it is an inappropriate level of abstraction to think of a "corporate" unit as a component.
        - Wrote: [[Companies are over-abstracting.]]
        - When "corporations," the owners of financial capital, are interconnected with "individuals," the owners of knowledge capital, a higher-order system beyond the corporation may be created.

Note on Facebook: [https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10217975133106458](https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10217975133106458)
April 11, 2019 -
- Yesterday's special lecture by Professor Fujimura had several interesting points, the first being the difference between [[leadership in emergencies]] and [[leadership in peacetime]].
    - In an emergency, the axes of value are less clear.
    - Like "[[survive]]."
    - So from a lot of information, one can discard what is not relevant to the axis and one or a few people can make a decision.
    - But in peacetime, there are so many axes that it becomes difficult for one person to grasp the whole picture.
            - [[Management in Ordinary Times]]
    - The reason why people tend to be drawn to [[Quantitative KPIs]] is that when one person tries to make a decision with a variety of axes, it exceeds the capacity of that person's [[cognitive ability]].
    - To solve this problem, decision-making must be delegated to those who are closer to the specific information.
- [[the transmission of information]], i.e., the cost of sending it in words and the cost of receiving and understanding the words, is greater.
- We were just discussing the topic of [[teal organization]].
    - Even teal organizations choose a top-down organizational structure in times of emergency, but not in times of peace.
- Another interesting part of the discussion was the need to create a higher level system rather than a "corporate" unit, which was called "[[industrial republic]].
    - In that case, the question becomes how to make [[lingua franca]].
    - I am interested in how this could be accomplished. Perhaps in peacetime it is an inappropriate level of abstraction to think of a "corporate" unit as a component.
    - In financial capital, a company is [[one lump]], but in [[knowledge capital]], an individual is a lump.
    - The interconnection of the "firm," a unit of financial capital, with the "individual," a unit of knowledge capital, creates a higher-order system that transcends the firm.
- Oh, okay, you said peacetime and emergency, but the "[[catch up and overtake]]" state is narrowed down to an axis, so in these two divisions, you're with the emergency side.
    - Since the Meiji era, management has been based on catch-up and overtaking values
    - Nakayama, Japan
        - The axis of "catch up and overtake" was [[better products at lower prices]] = [[mass production effect]].
        - And now that it is over, you are not sure what to do?
    - Given that, maybe it's better to say "[[axis narrowing situation]]" and "[[non-axis narrowing situation]]" rather than "normal times and emergency times."

2023-07-27
- Looking back now, [[Plurality]] and [Global Deliberations
- It's like we went from "how to make [[lingua franca]]" to "why don't [[LLM]] do [[interpretation (i.e. oral translation)]]?

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/BMOT20190411](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/BMOT20190411) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.