---
title: "Chick-eating VC"
---

> [tanukiponkich](https://x.com/tanukiponkich/status/1811820654704185672) I hate chick-eating VC with all my heart, but rather than a moral issue for capitalists, the game setting of VC itself is such that you can't win unless you are evil. The game setting of VC itself is such that you have to be an evil to win, and choosing the best move naturally leads to the conclusion that it is better to cheat students by taking advantage of the information gap. I think it is very important to choose which game to play in life.

> [kensuu](https://x.com/kensuu/status/1812371356031279222) In this era when the cost of accessing information is so cheap and the VC information gap can be quickly filled, a startup that is easily duped by a VC has little value and I don't want to invest in it. I don't think I want to invest in a startup that can be easily fooled by VC's in this era of low information access costs and the information gap between VC's and investors can be easily closed.
> [kensuu](https://x.com/kensuu/status/1812372228673253705) If you have witnessed rather similar cases, I think it is more a case of "the VC side does not understand the rules of the game".
>  VC is a game in which you are at a disadvantage if you don't gain credibility in the long run, so I wonder if VCs who "take advantage of the information gap and invest in students at unfair value" will have a hard time surviving.
>  Unlike a regular scam, on top of paying out money, the company has to grow to make a return,

> [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1812526444045828144) The VCs who use that method are not winning, but the VCs who are losing are doing EVIL things to avoid facing the fact that they are "losing" and creating many victims, The victims and the people around them may falsely believe that the VC is doing this to win.
> [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1812527414809075989) It's true that "the cost of accessing information is very low," but it's also true that there are EVIL investors who keep you unaware of that choice, prevent you from choosing, and isolate you. It's also true that there are EVIL investors out there who will keep you unaware of your options, prevent you from choosing, or isolate you. So entrepreneurs need to have a trusted advisor.
I was writing this in association with the information I could see, but I have a more specific story (see below).

> [tanukiponkich](https://x.com/tanukiponkich/status/1812379141167104183) I thought so too until I gathered some VC reviews. I'm sure Mr. Kinoshita of Skyland knows more about it.

> [tanukiponkich](https://x.com/tanukiponkich/status/1812413997301301438) The VC move I saw was a capitalist founds a company and invests from his own VC -> asks a graduate student to develop software -> "I represent myself. I want you to be a representative in name only. If it does very well, he will get a capital gain in the next round, if not, he will be held responsible and the company will be dissolved.
> [tanukiponkich](https://x.com/tanukiponkich/status/1812415683013046379) Since the capitalists themselves are well aware that no one would invest in such a company, they have signed a separate incentive contract so that profits will go to the representative if the company is successful. The capitalist knows that no one would invest in such a company, so he or she signs a separate incentive contract so that the profit goes to the representative if the company is successful. This really went all the way to the investment committee. It's a mess, but if it succeeds, it will be a capital gain without the responsibility of the representative.
> [tanukiponkich](https://x.com/tanukiponkich/status/1812416947448897737) The pitch to investors would naturally be a response of "someone who owns 90% of the company should be the representative," but I'd take care of the investment relationship and ask them to focus on development. But I told them that I would take care of the investment, and that I wanted them to focus on development. At the same time, telling the company that they cannot raise funds due to lack of progress in development will prevent the company from calling for a change of representatives.
> [tanukiponkich](https://x.com/tanukiponkich/status/1812418241450348646) This company eventually gave up on financing. The excuse that they couldn't get funding because the developer was working too hard to develop the product and not the other way around was no longer valid. He did not know that he could have raised funds if the capitalist had represented him, and he felt sorry that he could not raise funds and stopped his own remuneration to continue development.
> [tanukiponkich](https://x.com/tanukiponkich/status/1812420005113328021) When the development goes well, the capitalist gets upset and demands an agreement from the representative. The agreement was that (1) the representative would step down, (2) delivery would be made in the form specified by Capitalist, (3) the unpaid amount from the company would be settled, and (4) a penalty would be paid to Capitalist in the event of a breach of the agreement. The company will raise the hurdle at (2) to make delivery impossible, and at (4) to recover the development costs paid so far.
> [tanukiponkich](https://x.com/tanukiponkich/status/1812422367672422820) In other words, a trap disguised as a settlement of unpaid accounts. The representative who realizes the trap starts negotiations with his/her lawyer, but the negotiations themselves are the purpose of the capitalist, and if the negotiations are difficult, he/she can disguise the scenario in which he/she becomes the representative and receives a lock-up.
> [tanukiponkich](https://x.com/tanukiponkich/status/1812424736577556716) to the company and to the LP, "I would like to represent myself and take responsibility, but the current representative won't agree to the terms of delivery, so I can't settle the accounts payable and I can't represent myself. I'll say, "I'm not going to be a representative. If it fails, there will only be rumors that will soon disappear, and if it goes to court, it will only be an issue between the corporation and the representative. You can aim for maximum return with minimum risk.



> [YoshifumiSeki](https://x.com/YoshifumiSeki/status/1812614506411085918) I think this is quite a difficult matter from a young person's point of view.
>  - Student communities are replaced after a few years
>  - Rumors of people fade like 75 days, so there is little chance for new people to know about them.
>  - Evil side goes to places where there are less rumors about themselves like that (young people/rural areas).
>  >kensuu: In this era when the cost of information access is so cheap that the VC information gap can be quickly bridged...
> [YoshifumiSeki](https://x.com/YoshifumiSeki/status/1812615021635182671) "Startups that do not have access to this kind of information are of little value" is a fact, but I think it is a bit too much in the structure of society that so much praise is given to startups. I hope that some kind of safety net or support will be created by the self-cleansing action of the VC industry.
> I don't know about "[YoshifumiSeki](https://x.com/YoshifumiSeki/status/1812615666073235733) "access costs are very low", I don't see VC's criticizing each other outwardly, and entrepreneurs don't share certain information if they are close to each other. I don't think entrepreneurs share a certain amount of information with other entrepreneurs if they are good friends, but I don't think they do it much because it's risky to talk about bad news about VC firms.


---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/ひよこ喰いするVC](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/ひよこ喰いするVC) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.