---
title: "Connect language objects to high-level programming languages"
---

[https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.04498](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.04498)
Towards Digital Nature: Bridging the Gap between Turing Machine Objects and Linguistic Objects in LLMMs for Universal Interaction of Object-Oriented Descriptions
> Yoichi Ochiai, Naruya Kondo, Tatsuki Fushimi
>  In this paper, we propose a novel approach to establish a connection between linguistic objects and classes in Large Language Model Machines (LLMMs) such as GPT3.5 and GPT4, and their counterparts in high level programming languages like Python. Our goal is to promote the development of Digital Nature: a worldview where digital and physical realities are seamlessly intertwined and can be easily manipulated by computational means. To achieve this, we exploit the inherent abstraction capabilities of LLMMs to build a bridge between human perception of the real world and the computational processes that mimic it. This approach enables ambiguous class definitions and interactions between objects to be realized in programming and ubiquitous computing scenarios. By doing so, we aim to facilitate seamless interaction between Turing Machine objects and Linguistic Objects, paving the way for universally accessible object oriented descriptions. We demonstrate a method for automatically transforming real world objects and their corresponding simulations into language simulable worlds using LLMMs, thus advancing the digital twin concept. This process can then be extended to high level programming languages, making the implementation of these simulations more accessible and practical. In summary, our research introduces a groundbreaking approach to connect linguistic objects in LLMMs with high level programming languages, allowing for the efficient implementation of real world simulations. This ultimately contributes to the realization of Digital Nature, where digital and physical worlds are interconnected, and objects and simulations can be effortlessly manipulated through computational means.
(DeepL) In this paper, we propose a new approach to establishing correspondences between language objects and classes in large-scale language model machines (LLMMs) such as GPT3.5 and GPT4 and their counterparts in higher-level programming languages such as Python. Our goal is to facilitate the development of [[digital nature]], a worldview in which the digital and the physical are seamlessly intertwined and can be easily manipulated by computers. To achieve this, we exploit the inherent abstraction capabilities of LLMM to bridge the gap between human perceptions of the real world and the computational processes that mimic them. This approach allows for ambiguous class definitions and interactions between objects in programming and ubiquitous computing scenarios. By doing so, we aim to facilitate seamless interaction between Turing machine objects and language objects, paving the way for universally accessible object-oriented descriptions. We advance the concept of the digital twin by demonstrating how real-world objects and their corresponding simulations can be automatically transformed into a language-simulatable world using LLMM. This process can be extended to high-level programming languages, making the implementation of simulations more accessible and practical. As described above, this study introduces an innovative approach to efficiently implement real-world simulations by connecting LLMM language objects with high-level programming languages. This will contribute to the realization of a "digital nature" where the digital and physical worlds are interconnected and objects and simulations can be easily manipulated through computation.

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/言語オブジェクトと高級プログラミング言語を接続](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/言語オブジェクトと高級プログラミング言語を接続) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.