---
title: "Current status of AI living in each project 2023-09-14"
---

- [[Agents living in Scrapbox.]]

from  [[Diary 2023-09-14]]
Current status of AI living in each project 2023-09-14
- Current status of each project and next actions
- omoikane
    - Same as /nishio [[Iterative Commenter]]`? [Pioneer Mode]?`
        - Naming needs to be sorted out.
        - Explicit [[red link extension]].
    - The [[multi-head twist system]] is off.
- unnamed-project
    - Cut out suggestions from the long text are running.
    - Currently it's not complete, and it stops when I'm busy because a human has to cut it out of the log.
    - Questions are being raised as to whether a cutout is necessary.
    - Vector search hits and mentions of chunks in long sentences prompts cutouts (experience with /nishio).
    - Or a summary of the hit is generated, resulting in a knowledge flow equivalent to a cutout, even if the original text is long and submerged.
            - [[new shoots from a dead tree]]
- enchi
    - System running once a week, probably stopped due to an error.
    - There is a problem that a vector search finds almost identical fragments due to the inclusion of a manuscript with a different version.
- nue
    - Project to be seeded with approximately 50 pieces of fixed length content
    - Even if a human were to enter the project, it was anticipated that there would be strong resistance to rewriting the original text.
    - So AI had to create the page.
- qualia-san
    - I haven't done it yet, wondering how to do it.
    - I have a list of questions generated by having an AI play the role of homo sapiens.
    - Then the feeling of [[Questions encourage verbalization, but there are different kinds of questions...]] made the question-centered approach less of a priority.
    - I have a feeling that the same system as nue could be used.


---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/各プロジェクトに住んでるAIの現状2023-09-14](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/各プロジェクトに住んでるAIの現状2023-09-14) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.