---
title: "Diary 2023-10-07"
---


- I was going to do [[Matsuo Lab LLM Summer School Competition]], but I was really tired...

The first full body course at [[Dr. Stretch]], on the same day, I needed to make a reservation by phone.
After about 4 calls, they announced "it's busy, please hang up and wait while I call you back", heh, that's one of those cases.
I got a call rather quickly and got an appointment at the nearest store in 15 minutes.

First, sit down and "try to get into what you think is the right posture."
- Pelvis is not erect.
    - [[Pelvic tilt backward]]
        - [[stand on one's back (e.g. one's feet)]]

I was stretched in all sorts of ways, twisting my legs in directions that were impossible for me.
I didn't dare talk about subjective symptoms, but they were pretty much spot on.
- Stiff muscles on the front side of the right thigh.
    - That's the cause of [[right knee pain]].
- Both calves are stiff.
    - Especially the right side is quite stiff.
    - Difference from left.
- The rest wasn't said verbally, but they did reorient my right knee a number of times just while they were working on my left leg.
    - When relaxed, only the right knee is externally rotated.
        - [[Left leg is distorted.]]
        - Oh, that's the left leg we're talking about.

As for the shoulders, they were not rotated back due to stiffness of the pectoral muscles, etc.
- We often say "rotate your shoulders" as a shoulder stretch, but the range of motion of the shoulder is so narrow to begin with that you can't rotate it even if you tried.

Recommended Stretching
- stretch (unbend) one's legs out
    - The common one where one leg is placed on the other knee and the upper body is collapsed
        - Not done correctly.
            - Upper body bent with [[pelvis tilted backward]].
- Calf Stretch
    - I'm not sure how well the common ones work.
    - Put your feet on the platform and apply force from above.
    - Need a platform at just the right height?

- [[Diary 2023-10-06]] ← Diary 2023-10-07 → [[Diary 2023-10-08]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-06-29]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-10-07]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-10-07](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-10-07) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.