---
title: "Diary 2023-04-23"
---


Sometimes I want to use Japanese word in English sentence, but current implementation of [[ScrapboxAutoTrans]] translate any line which contains Japanese characters.
- It will make unexpected output in pages like [[Neochi]].

Today's English conversation lesson
- I forgot to start recording...
- Often I forget to do.
- Today I roleplayed to interrupting other's presantation.
    - I feel I have to practice these phrases more and more.
    - Because the correct phrases are different in each situation. It depends on what I want to clalify.
    - However, when I interrupted others, I should say rapidly what I want to confirm. The time is limited.
    - I tryed hard and the instructor said I asked relevant question. That's nice, but I know they usually focus on good points.

I put several TED talk in my playlist and listening during walking from/to the station.
- Unfortunately, I can't catch the phrases.

Today I learned:
- My cat is roughly 8 years old
- Not quite.
    - When somebody has the wrong idea and you want to correct them.
    - Correcting others.
    - To correct yourself:
        - Ah sorry, I meant ...
- Future plans
    - We aim to ...
- unprecedented: unexpected, had not happend before
    - Covid-19 and the impact of the pandemic were unprecedented events.
    - And also, ChatGPT will cause unprecedented transform of human civilization.
- meet our target = achieve the goal
    - We met our target last year and sold 20,000 products.
- We are unable to meet the high demand.
- If thing continue on this trajectory ... = If things go on like this
- We need to invest in AI in order to beat the competition.
    - "beat the competition / win the competition"
    - "beat" is used for competition with person or company, "win" is used for competition like a sports event
        - (DeepL)"Beat" is used for competition with people or companies, while "win" is used for competition, such as in sports competitions
- Trying to crack the US market = trying to enter the US market
    - (DeepL) Tackling the challenge of developing the U.S. market
- become successful there = gain a foothold there = to get a market share
- They are all representative from different departments.
- Pronunciation: fiscal /ˈfɪskəl/
- So what you're saying is sales have doubled?
- go throught the roof
- Unfortunately, I don't have the answer for this question right now, but let me check with Tom and get back to you later.
- because we haven't determined the results yet
- because the data is still inconclusive
- because we haven't finished the research yet
- erratic: unpredictable



- [[Diary 2023-04-22]] ← Diary 2023-04-23 → [[Diary 2023-04-24]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-01-13]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-04-23]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-04-23](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-04-23) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.