---
title: "Diary 2023-07-26"
---


- [[Inside or outside is a false dichotomy]]
This is [[neither 0 nor 100]], but then there is another question of how much is appropriate.
- What if, for example, value is created by the new information connections that are created inside and outside the organization?
- I consulted GPT4 and didn't come up with any eye-opening ideas, it all depends on the strategy.
    - In the end, the [[Maximizing Learning]] strategy suits me.
- [Difficult-to-copy [[empirical knowledge]] becomes [Difficult-to-procure resources
    - People with a certain level of experience would be a difficult resource to procure as well.
        - [[Cash is weak capital]], so [Resources money can't buy
- And those who think that way are choosing [[LLM Unemployed]].
    - Experiential knowledge gained by securing [[Time Resources]] is a more expensive resource than short-term monetary income, so we invest in that.
    - As for me personally, I have a lot of discretionary time, so I don't have to quit now.
    - This is turning into a time resource story.
- Well, is it possible to have time resources but not [[attention]]?
        - [[Scarce resources should be invested in what you subjectively believe has the highest probability of producing the best results.]]
    - [[Connecting the Dots]]

Another day, another high of 37 degrees.

- [[Diary 2023-07-25]] ←Diary 2023-07-26 → [[Diary 2023-07-27]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-04-17]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-07-26]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-07-26](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-07-26) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.