---
title: "Diary 2023-06-15"
---


Now that I've succeeded in [[making non-public materials the target of vector search]], it's time for [[Cross-sectional Vector Search]], but at this time, I'm having trouble with the unit of the chunk of information...
- Now, if you're targeting [[Scrapbox Cross Search]], you've checked the box.
    - I was thinking, "I'll make it so you can switch search targets later."
    - Not yet implemented.
- Books?
    - One book is one unit, that's a thousand checkboxes, okay?
    - Bundling?
        - Bundling by the same author is the same atmosphere as Scrapbox
        - Audrey Tan's book, with mixed authorship, bundle?
            - You can't put it all together mechanically by the author, can you?
        - It's impossible to make proper groupings for a thousand books in advance.
    - All in one?
        - If you consider that a page in a book is a page in Scrapbox, think of 300 pages and 1000 books, and suddenly about 20 times more than my Scrapbox will appear!
            - dangerous-looking
    - Oh no, it doesn't have to be all books.
        - You could add a few "books I have a lot about the same person" in clusters, or you could add a few more.
        - Virtual "Scrapbox" image of the person
        - More than a page in a book, more than a page in Scrapbox...
            - I felt like the publisher would get mad at me for trying to say "poor quality."
            - Since we have different definitions of "quality," I'll come up with another way to say it.
            - A page of a book is basically just a long, sticky sentence that is mechanically cut to the same size, so there are no "short, crystallized pages" like there are in Scrapbox.
            - I think this will probably bring "poor quality search results" to destinations that do vector searches.
- [[Not to be the largest from the beginning]].
    - Possibly something we can see in the process of increasing scale.
    - If you start out with the largest scale, you lose the opportunity to see that.
    - And even the current Scrapbox cross-vector search is narrowing people down to begin with.
- Is the checkbox necessary in the first place?
    - A checkbox can represent 2^N pieces of information, but do we need more than "all across" and "one specific" to begin with?
    - Ah, so that's where you get to "When books are grouped by book, I want to cross-search from books by the same author".


> [@miiura](https://twitter.com/miiura/status/1668799099112660993?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw): The API update has dramatically reduced the execution time of the agent. This is a significant impact for autonomous agents. 🤖

I want to tinker with this one too, not enough time!

- For [[careful deliberation]], [[sharing of prerequisite knowledge]] is necessary. However, people cannot learn what they do not want to know. Therefore, for deliberation, it is first necessary to arouse "[[the desire to know]]" in a large number of people.
- Why not visualize the lack of learning and ask, "Do you want to learn or leave the decision to those who have learned?" --- [[democratic process#648ad4c7aff09e000019926a]]
    - > [@_kayato](https://twitter.com/_kayato/status/1669364779142750208): Even as social issues become more complex and fragmented, people's cognitive capacity is limited. I feel that deliberation based on prerequisite knowledge has become something that only a few people with the luxury of time can participate in. If it is based on curiosity, there is also the problem of the filter bubble, which is a very difficult issue...
        - > [@nishio](https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1669380784988487680): sure...I wonder if we could use LLM to streamline learning of prerequisite knowledge and remove bias...


- [[Diary 2023-06-14]] ←Diary 2023-06-15 → [[Diary 2023-06-16]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-03-07]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-06-15]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-06-15](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-06-15) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.