---
title: "Diary 2023-05-04"
---


Just sorted out the first half of the two English conversation lessons on 5/2 and it's 25:00.
- But based on this conversation, my position on AI became clear in the next lesson.
- [[technology is neutral]], AI reinforces people with good intention and people with bad intention alike
- Since people with bad intentions do not hesitate to use AI, people with good intentions must also use AI to increase the EFFICIENCY of their good deeds.

Easily readable articles in Japanese about Ethereum
- Is it written by [[Vitalik]] and translated by Nikkei?
    - [[Young Genius Reveals Why He Developed "Ethereum]]
- I almost wrote the link, but realized there were a lot of them, so I put them on a separate page.

27:00. Not sleepy.
- but let's warm up our eyes!

Slept well.
- But for some reason it's happening once in the 6 o'clock hour.


[Obsidian — 🦜🔗 LangChain 0.0.157](https://python.langchain.com/en/latest/modules/indexes/document_loaders/examples/obsidian.html)
- I'd love a Scrapbox.


If you blame your age for why you don't do it, you are cursed to not be able to do it until you die because you will never be younger than you are now.


Reading and understanding what has already been written and outputting it in a different form.
- The cost of this is significantly reduced by LLM.
        - [[Manuscript Deadline]]
- LLM is a conversion device
    - [[Work to open up the forest of what has yet to be written.]]

We eat lunch and head to the English conversation school a little early.

I don't have an interview with an unexplored junior until the 7th.
- Catch up on your lagging English conversation here!
- About English Conversation Review
    - Minimal review should be completed first.
    - If you're going to process an interesting conversation and publish it to Scrapbox, you should drop the priority level a notch.

Went to bed after dinner and woke up just before 24:00.
- I forgot to start transcribing today's lesson.

- [[There's been less ChatGPT talk in my timeline lately.]]
- Just as I write this story, the date has changed.


- [[Diary 2023-05-03]] ← Diary 2023-05-04 → [[Diary 2023-05-05]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-01-24]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-05-04]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-05-04](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-05-04) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.