---
title: "Diary 2023-08-16"
---

- [[Confused trying to read it in terms of action execution.]]


The following is a story that sounds important but I can't take it because of overflowing capacity, so I'm just making a note of it.
> [0xtkgshn](https://twitter.com/0xtkgshn/status/1691446051507773444) After talking with Aya and Noah, I was reminded of the following points: "Government as a platform, not big government or small government," and "Lowering the hurdles for the private sector to get involved in things that could be done better. I think it is about "lowering the hurdle to get the private sector to do what they can do better, and supporting them in doing so". How to invest in public goods as a strategic downsizing.
- [[Public administration as a platform]]
[[Big government/small government" is a false dichotomy.]]
[[Strategic downsizing]]

> [0xtkgshn](https://twitter.com/0xtkgshn/status/1691446569512673280) In that context, I think [[Next Commons Lab]] is doing what it needs to do while keeping its feet on the ground. Personally, I am connected to Mr. Hayashi, but I would like people around me in [[Plurality Tokyo]] and [[Civictech]] to know more about it. I'm trying to be honest and say, "We can make a better governing system.
- I'll check it out later.
    - Then led to [Owase 2024-01-23~24
    - [[Only steady work can truly make the world a better place.]]

> [0xtkgshn](https://twitter.com/0xtkgshn/status/1691447201099329536) Aside from whether it reaches the people in Japanese government offices who are the main reason I am thinking about it, EF is able and meticulous about behaving that way. I feel that they are doing so.
>
>  (As a concept) I think there are areas where actual government and local governments can also be helpful as entities to fill in the gaps between government, rulers, and market failures.
- [[Ethereum Foundation]]

> [0xtkgshn](https://twitter.com/0xtkgshn/status/1691448283775000576) In addition to investing in research, public goods projects, and human resources, EF also supports meta-public goods, "organizations that study how to distribute grants [[0xtkgshn]]. In other words, it supports organizations like Code for Japan (which at first glance seems to be an overlap). Personally, I think this is a great idea.

> [0xtkgshn](https://twitter.com/0xtkgshn/status/1691448676168974336) At least from what I've seen, we can fund "projects that may improve the governing technology itself because it's OK to fail". I think the system is such that it can fund "projects that may improve the governing technology itself, even if they are allowed to fail. Then I feel that if we could at least support related non-profit organizations, the ecosystem could grow a lot.

> [0xtkgshn](https://twitter.com/0xtkgshn/status/1691449341737873410) The reason why I say that tax collection is the end game is because the entities that were originally constituted to prevent market failure, as I mentioned above, are not going to make rational decisions. If they can't, they're on their own.
>
>  That would be a pseudo founding, though Public Chain's foundation is able to do that while printing money,

> [0xtkgshn](https://twitter.com/0xtkgshn/status/1691450144187953152) Code for Japan is obvious, but we can't do that. Then how can we create our own economic zone, tax congestion and invest in public goods? This is the key point.
>
>  This statement is consistent, if you do not feel the rationality and legitimacy of > governance by the current government,

> [0xtkgshn](https://twitter.com/0xtkgshn/status/1691450533700354048) It is based on the position that we have to think of a mechanism to do better on our own, but having said that, the Japanese Digital Agency I ended up communicating more with the Digital Agency in Taiwan than with the Digital Agency in Japan. That is exactly what I felt keenly when I came to Taiwan this time.

> [0xtkgshn](https://twitter.com/0xtkgshn/status/1691450719336116224) To be honest, I am disappointed in them, but have yet to shrug my shoulders. I guess this is only because I can respect the seniors around me.
>
>  Conclusion, I have to do it as one entrepreneur in the Ethereum ecosystem, while giving up and acknowledging my character that I still have to move my hand.

When there is a "Dot" that could be [[Connecting the Dots]] when we look back years later, I am worried about leaving it only to the old Twitter.

I have my own project, "[[A future that is]] taking shape," so I don't have much time to spare.
- [[Contemporary art is the work of making history.]] and you get someone in the role of documenting the artist's activities and making history.
Artists, entrepreneurs, and researchers are all working to give form to something that has not yet taken definite shape, and when that "thing that has taken form" is successful, the "context" in which it has been created is also valuable and the value of what is connected to the context is also enhanced.

Context, verbalization,
- [[Sturgeon's law]]
Everything looks bad when the resolution is low.
Identifying the Good
This is hard to explain.
- What can be easily explained is not new.



- [[Nodal point of thought on Scrapbox and AI 2023/8/16]]



> [@kur](https://twitter.com/kur/status/1691357225787568128): There is a famous Tonchi saying, "Then, please take that tiger out of the folding screen," but I think those of us involved in manufacturing are constantly asked, "Then, please take that idea off the whiteboard. I feel that those of us involved in manufacturing are constantly asked, "Then, please take the idea off the whiteboard. How can we deploy ideas more efficiently in the real world?


- [[People who choose not to act for various reasons.]]

> [@fladdict](https://twitter.com/fladdict/status/1691641762698424485?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw): dictatorship is not necessarily evil. But it is bland. Democracy is dull, but you can get a steady average score.
> Democracy makes up for the slowness with small government & capitalism to create a sense of speed. The dictatorship side tends to lose the sense of speed in a controlled economy. ... and the image of
> [Cambodia is a dictatorship, yet "rich and happy" country after country... Cambodia's Election Shows an 'Inconvenient Truth' about Democracy｜Newsweek Japan Official Site](https://www.newsweekjapan.jp/kaya/2023/08/post-246.php)



- [[Don't rub them together first.]]


> [@yuyake_hino](https://twitter.com/yuyake_hino/status/1235198371775647745?s=20): If you try to praise a specific ningen, it's very costly because there are no such ports open or errors are returned, I tend to send out packets praising all ningen.

> [tokoroten](https://twitter.com/tokoroten/status/1235267217278652416) This is one of the answers to why people fall for big book management and why organizations collapse, so I'll quote it next time I write an article.

> [tokoroten](https://twitter.com/tokoroten/status/1235268249723359233) People who can do things are usually a pain in the ass.
>  I don't think my work is 100 points, so when people praise me, I say, "What is this guy talking about? (CV: Tohoku Kiritan).
>  Conversely, those who can't do it believe that their work is 120 points because of the Dunning-Kruger effect, so they believe it when they are praised.
>  And then it collapsed

> [nishio](https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1691829744256651350) You're not happy with the praise because you think it's 100 points, but because "praise" is a token that can be issued for free, so it has essentially zero value, and the money the market paid you That's the only meaningful evaluation. But if you've only been an employee of one company, you're starved for recognition because you haven't had the experience of getting your own personal money from the market. A hungry person tries to drown his hunger by drinking water. Even if the water is not nourishing, it will not overcome the impending cravings.

> [nishio](https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1691830517019345258) Also, if the "parent-child relationship" or "teacher-student relationship" is dragged out into the working world, being praised is happiness, and not being praised is a threat to survival It must become a fear.

- [[AI is Bonsai]]


- [[Diary 2023-08-15]] ← Diary 2023-08-16 → [[Diary 2023-08-17]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-05-08]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-08-16]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-08-16](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-08-16) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.