---
title: "Diary 2024-09-16"
---


- [[Doraemon's Dorayaki Shop Story]]
- Good to be able to talk about the same topics as my wife.
- Second place in the world ranking.
    - My deficiency was that I only did the minimum required to "improve the pastry" for the contest.
        - Improvement studies increase unit cost.
        - You can get used to being number one in Japan and number three in the world ranking even in a situation like that where there are no S snacks at all.
    - My wife's deficiency is the lack of decorations on the sales floor to improve the attractiveness of the product.
        - I've put up dozens of stained-glass screens, and the screens don't actually impede walking.
        - Installation costs increase with number, but maintenance costs remain constant
        - I don't have an optimal placement in mind, but it's messily placed and the unit price is +500 or something.
- The trouble with the last one not being released.
    - Wife: I thought you were going to leave with a stamp complete.
        - Indeed. I was suspicious that the requirement for one of the stamps was "max 80 favorites" instead of "max all favorites", but I guess that means they haven't all appeared at the time of that stamp.
    - Who is the last character to come out of such a fullness of life?
        - Wife: Isn't that Dr. F?
        - That's it!

- [[Is it good that the upload bandwidth is fat?]]


- [[Diary 2024-09-15]] ← Diary 2024-09-16 → [[Diary 2024-09-17]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-06-08]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-09-16]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-09-16](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-09-16) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.