---
title: "Diary 2024-01-30"
---


Summary: [[QV is a meaningful mechanism for not voting]].

- I was holding off on whether or not to revise past statements in light of [[Difference between resolution and resolving power]], but it seems to me that in the vast majority of cases there is no need to revise.
- When you observe something and describe it as "low resolution," you are usually referring to the output you see.
- You can't tell if that's caused by low resolving power because you can't observe the inner workings of that output person.
- And even if the low resolution results in a low-resolution output, it's okay to describe it as "low resolution", right?
- The above discussion could not occur without the existence of "resolution" and "resolving power" as distinct vocabularies.
    - This can be said to be "the resolution of expression has been increased by the differentiation of vocabulary".
    - Similarly, "the differentiated vocabulary allows for increased resolving power and detailed comprehension."

- [[Diary 2024-01-29]] ←Diary 2024-01-30 → [[Diary 2024-01-31]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-10-22]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-01-30]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-01-30](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-01-30) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.