---
title: "Diary 2023-10-04"
---


There are those who turn things "the way it makes sense" and there are those who turn things "the wrong way" and there are those who say, "That's not the way it makes sense! I can't follow it!" and some people leave the group.
- I don't mean to blame those who left saying "I can't keep up!" I don't intend to blame those who left saying "I can't keep up!
        - [[Disengagement, Statement, and Loyalty]]
    - Time in life is finite, so spend it on what you think is beneficial.
        - The worst thing you can do is consume your time by somehow being consumed by other people's values for something you don't think is beneficial.
            - I make the decision to use my time that way, and I take responsibility for the results.
    - On the other hand, "what is beneficial" is an individual value and subjective, so there is no agreement among participants.
        - I have a feeling I may be over estimating the long term indirect benefits.
- [[Do not reject what comes, do not pursue what goes.]]
        - [[Apology rather than asking for permission]]


Except for a short 30 minute meeting today, I have time to concentrate and work on a large language model.
- But this, with an unstable length of waiting time.
- Of course, not waiting is the right thing to do.

- [[Diary 2023-10-03]] ← Diary 2023-10-04 → [[Diary 2023-10-05]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-06-26]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-10-04]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-10-04](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-10-04) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.