---
title: "Diary 2024-08-21"
---


There are people who organize events and create "places for people to gather" separately from software engineers.
- This too requires a certain skill set.
- Participation Engineer (coined term)

It's easy to forget when you've already earned a place or are in a position where you're getting attention and appreciation just for being active in your comfort zone, but usually you're not comfortable without a place to stay.
- So we need to make a place for them.
- A place where several people can stay comfortably is a public good.

Each event has diverse and different surrounding conditions, making it difficult to "use the same thing here and there" as with software.
- Fixing the physical place is much easier.

It will be dismantled at the end of the event period.
- once-in-a-lifetime encounter (hence should be cherished as such)
- No records are kept.
    - Only a narrow bandwidth record in text format.
        - What if a subjective viewpoint recording of a number of participants could be recorded and later experienced in an immersive VR experience of the event?


> [koizuka](https://x.com/koizuka/status/1825766878658408955) With the development of software, libraries and tools, you would think that it would become easier and easier to create something that looks good even with little knowledge, but it seems like we are in a hard mode where only advanced knowledge that is not automated is required of developers because the "work" is automated. However, it seems like we are in a hard mode where developers are required to have only advanced knowledge that is not automated because it is automated from the simple "tasks" that can be done with little knowledge.


- [[comfort zone]]

- [[Diary 2024-08-20]] ← Diary 2024-08-21 → [[Diary 2024-08-22]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-05-13]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-08-21]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-08-21](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-08-21) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.