---
title: "Diary 2023-04-27"
---

- [[Mixing languages is natural.]]

English Conversation School
- Today I had a lesson with the instructor from Taiwan again
- I talked about the internet infrastructure on the top of mount Jade
- I just noticed that I can say the name of Taiwanese Ministry of Degital Affairs in English, but I can't say that of Japan. It's my homework.
- I also explain about Taro Kono
    - [https://www.digital.go.jp/about/member/konotaro/](https://www.digital.go.jp/about/member/konotaro/)
    - When he is working in Xerox, he installed computer networks in the company.
        - I wanted to say, he pioneered the remote work environment for other companies
        - I wonder what year it was.
- Note
    - That might be part of the problem, but the major reason is X.
    - The actual reason is the lack of proper training.
    - The peak of the pandemic has passed.
    - Why are we having quality control issues?
    - They should improve employee satisfication.
    - exodus
    - The host country of the international conference changes every year.
    - I want to brush up.
    - I haven't used English since college.
    - Los Angeles and New York are on OPPOSITE COASTS.
    - If it rains heavily, I choose online lesson.
    - There's no need to transcribe the notes to my computer.
    - We must understand how other people feel.
    - When I was in the doctoral course, I attended to the international conference in France.
    - The government doesn’t do bad thing against the people.
    - obedient
    - It costs a lot of money.
    - Japan established the Special Higher Police in 1928 to arrest anyone whose ideology was not submissive to the government; it was abolished in 1945 at the direction of GHQ.
    - In cyber warfare, attackers are anonymous, so it is impossible to know exactly which country is waging war.
    - Although Japanese security technology is high, many organizations are security vulnerable. This is not a technology problem, but a budget problem. Budgetary allocations are not made for proper upgrades, and vulnerable systems are left unattended.
    - I need to refer to it.
    - I need to be able to mention the matter in English.
    - I couldn't come up with the word.
    - He introduced the technology in the company earlier than in the other company.
    - [[Taro Kono]]
        - Mr. KONO Taro, Minister for Digital Transformation
        - Digital Agency
        - [[KONO Taro and Information Processing]]


[[pContinuousTranslation2023-04-27]]
[[pPersonalPolis]]
- [[decentralized media]]

- [[Diary 2023-04-26]] ← Diary 2023-04-27 → [[Diary 2023-04-28]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-01-17]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-04-27]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-04-27](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-04-27) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.