---
title: "Diary 2024-07-25"
---


Why not create a filter bubble and live in it?
- Timeline, everyone is talking about public goods (exaggeration)
    - But I don't think I would have noticed this on my timeline if it were normal.
        - [https://x.com/kaz_ataka/status/1816264137741328465?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw](https://x.com/kaz_ataka/status/1816264137741328465?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw)
- By all accounts, it's more beneficial to have a bubble.

Why doesn't everyone just belong to multiple filter bubbles each?
- It's not that the filter bubble is bad, but that it's not good that there is only one bubble left.
- Are retired seniors addicted to conspiracy theories on YouTube because they have become disconnected from their connection to society through work?
- Do young college students get into cults because they are cut off from their existing community as they go off to college and are left alone, and unfortunately the cult was the first one to call on them?
That is why in the INTERSECTING GROUP

Multiple social networking accounts, each selectively disclosing different attributes, so that each has a different timeline
- Multiple timelines show that no one is the whole world


I had a great time talking about SuperMemo with my friend Luis, who is a Taka.

- [[Diary 2024-07-24]] ←Diary 2024-07-25 → [[Diary 2024-07-26]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-04-16]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-07-25]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-07-25](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-07-25) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.