---
title: "Diary 2022-08-05"
---

- [[Castles in Burgundy]] I did.

Chit Chat Memo

- 「 [[KJ method of amusing]] 」
    - Why is Unexplored Jr. interesting?
        - I can't explain it with the elements that came up when I did the KJ method of funny.
            - And yet we spend quite a bit of time on an ongoing basis.
            - You must have found something new and interesting.
        - Things have changed since they started in the first place.

- silence
    - Thinker.
    - People who don't think
    - We have both.
        - People who think they can get away with it if they keep quiet.
    - If you're thinking about it, you're in the school of thinking, you're in the school of speaking out about the process.
        - I understand that opinion, but some people can't.
            - Some people are afraid to put out a half-assed product and have others react to it.

    - [[Sensitive parents are harmful.]] Hypothesis.
    - Nature doesn't guess.
    - The computer doesn't even guess.
    - Hypothesis that children who are perceived by adults do not grow academically.
    - Beneficial environment where people are not aware of their surroundings.
        - When things don't go as expected
            - Pouting won't change anything.
            - So, start your own trial and error.
        - If you help them in their sulking stage, you interrupt this process.

- State with highways in already recognized areas.
- search
    - An environment that does not require exploration does not foster the individual's ability to explore.
    - When given, there's little incentive to explore on your own.


- [[Diary 2022-08-04]] ←Diary 2022-08-05 → [[Diary 2022-08-06]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2022-04-27]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2021-08-05]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2022-08-05](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2022-08-05) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.