---
title: "Diary 2023-11-19"
---


Clean the filter
- Translate the past week's postings.
    - There are things that you see translated and you say, "This is an important concept, but there's no English version.
    - And if there is a Japanese version, it's good to include it in the translation target.
        - Example: [[Bracketing]].
    - Sometimes I look at the translated English text and think, "That's how misunderstandings happen.
        - Example
            - > It is not appropriate to call it a "red link" / it may be a blue link and the link destination may be empty
            - > It's not appropriate to call it a "Red Link." / It's actually a Blue Link, and sometimes the linked page is empty.
            - I thought about fixing the English side a bit, and then I thought, no, I'd better write the Japanese side well.
                - (aside) Incidentally, the reason I don't translate English documents very often is because I often get these "it would be better to fix the original text.
            - New Description
                - The color of a link in Scrapbox is not determined by whether the link is empty or not. Even if the body of the linked page is empty, it will be blue if it leads to another page via another link.
                - If we compare it to a road, the red link is a dead end and the blue link is a road leading further ahead. Whether or not a building stands beside the road is irrelevant.
                    - Whether the page body is present or not is irrelevant.
            - Inspired and useful verbalization: [[Scrapbox link colors]].
                - But this much effort is not appropriate for everything.
                - Human work time can be reduced by mechanically translating all new arrivals rather than manually copying and pasting them into GPT one by one.
                - When you put it all together and translate it mechanically, it looks like a "pile of tasks".
                    - Pile of reviews awaiting
                    - be demotivated
                - Maintaining motivation is more important than mechanical efficiency.
                    - The parts of the system that can be mechanically mass-processed will have no value.
                        - [[Human processing is a source of value]]
                - [[red link]] I feel like I can't translate this kind of thing.


- Let me review the past week's postings.
- I'll look at that and summarize the weekly journal.
    - [[Nodal Point of Thought 2023-11-18]]
    - I'm curious.

Headache was so bad in the evening that I couldn't work.


- [[Diary 2023-11-18]] ← Diary 2023-11-19 → [[Diary 2023-11-20]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-08-11]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-11-19]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-11-19](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-11-19) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.