---
title: "Diary 2023-08-17"
---


[[🤖2023-08-17 07:08]]
Of course, in the case of regular execution, the latest Scrapbox is added to the vector index in the foreground, so the vector search results will include my past notes.
- Should I just play the note immediately before or should I play all the notes by AI?
    - Play all notes by ✅AI

I'm currently using Scrapbox for ease of use, but the Scrapbox part can be abstracted.
- Initial input need not be random.
    - It could evolve from a note written by a human being.
    - Can be a keyword search result
- Data source does not have to be Scrapbox
    - For example, a book would be [reading notebook
    - For example, some data can be exported from groupware to which AI does not have full access.
- The write destination does not have to be Scrapbox.
    - Other groupware or social networking sites may be used.
    - Can be a local file.

> For example, some data can be exported from groupware to which AI does not have full access.
- This is important.
    - The debate over whether to give AI full access to groupware arises similarly among many client companies
    - Most customers will not turn on "something they don't perceive value in unless it is turned on, but may be at risk if it is turned on."
- That's why we need "[[AI Dejima]]".
    - Access to AI is explicitly limited, and within that limited scope, you can interact with AI.
    - For smaller projects with explicit task force objectives, the data that would be useful for the progress of the project would be exported separately and put into Dejima.
    - Because the data source is not limited to a single application in kintone, it is possible to discover relationships between records in multiple applications and between them and related documents
        - Developmental value.


- [[Diary 2023-08-16]] ←Diary 2023-08-17 → [[Diary 2023-08-18]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-05-09]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-08-17]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-08-17](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-08-17) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.