---
title: "Diary 2023-08-28"
---


- [[Social networking conventions and fairness of citation are two different things.]]


We decided it would be better to switch to a weekly journal, even though it would be shorter in duration.


In Japan, a country with a declining labor force due to an aging population and low birthrate, a reluctant immigration policy that does not accept people from areas of population growth, and an affinity for AI and robots due to science fiction such as Doraemon, the needs of other countries will be met by AI and robots to meet the needs of other countries through immigration. Maybe.
- from  [[🌀Human-AI Boundaries]]

- [[Ideas get mixed up in conversation and become indistinguishable from their origins.]]

- I've made a lot of connections with what I wrote in [[The Intellectual Production of Engineers]].
- A discussion of what "[[read]]" means.
    - [[Whole Mind System]]
    - [[Incremental Reading]]→[[Elaborative IR]]→[[Incremental Writing]]
- [https://scrapbox.io/projects/enchi/invitations/6d31b56fb54b56a94f79fe267cb2b18e](https://scrapbox.io/projects/enchi/invitations/6d31b56fb54b56a94f79fe267cb2b18e)

No need to be a loop.
- One time is all it takes.
- queue in line
- might be an option.
- It has no effect due to [page memory

I saw it done with manual triggers based on the discussion of "why not AI generation for red links and blank pages that are hubs?"
    - [[Chop sentences into meaning enriched parts.]]
    - [[First, increase personal productivity.]]
    - [[Publishing is not a goal, but a start]]
    - [[The quality of the intellectual production process is determined by the value of the intellectual product produced.]]

- [[Task Arrangement 2023-08-28]]

Very sleepy (21:30)

task
- Incremental Reading implemented
- Make omni read both nishio and enchi
    - Putting payloads in the same collection in Qdrant with different project names
    - Convert the reporting section to a cross search.
- Next introduce omni to enchi?
    - As is?
        - I don't think so.
    - Stop the main thread?
        - I'll stop that.
    - Read any page and write your thoughts?
    - I'll start by doing about one case a day with a manual trigger.

- [[Diary 2023-08-27]] ←Diary 2023-08-28 → [[Diary 2023-08-29]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-05-20]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-08-28]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-08-28](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-08-28) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.