---
title: "Diary 2024-07-26"
---


After all, when you are on stage and your presentation is unexpectedly skipped, you need to have the English language skills to immediately say, "Wait a minute, you skipped my presentation," and no amount of preparation for your presentation can replace that skill!

When I unexpectedly had to improvise and introduce myself, I introduced myself as "translator" and then thought, "No, the translator is Mr. Yamagata," and tried to rephrase it as "the leader of the Japanese translation team. I tried to change it to "leader of the Japanese translation team," but it got mixed up.

Need to be able to communicate in English while thinking about what to do when some unexpected problem arises.
How can this ability be developed?
No, I don't think this is the same as English proficiency.
- Simple English to the extent of "sorry, you forgot my presentation
- I wish I could have said this immediately and at the right time when it came time to say, "Well, let's do QA.

In that sense, I'm not giving you a perfect score for being able to raise your hand after you've gone into a QA session and say, "I got skipped over, but I'll put it on YouTube later," but is it "done" to some extent?

What was missing was the ability to interrupt the situation in real time.
- How to train
- Mountain climbing, huh?
    - After all, it means "boldness."

- [[Diary 2024-07-25]] ←Diary 2024-07-26 → [[Diary 2024-07-27]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-04-17]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-07-26]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-07-26](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-07-26) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.