---
title: "Diary 2023-04-25"
---


- [[Small steps are hard to see.]]

- [[Public disclosure of the process produced is a value that cannot be copied.]]

- [[Appeal to those who have it is a poisonous swamp.]]

- I checked when [[Manuscript Deadline]] was, but it was a long time ago.

I'm not sure if the English Scrapbox link is properly connected.
- By translating the link itself first, the chipping caused by shaky notation should have been eliminated, but conversely, there is a concern that translation errors may have occurred due to "English mixed in with Japanese sentences".
- Create Scrapbox Search with ChatGPT Plugin

Today's English Conversation
- I'll keep it in case it gets cold again.
- How about more discussion? I have a topic we need to talk about.
- Plurality,
    - movement in taiwan
    - Update Democracy using digital technology
    - Called plurality, it is opposite of singularity
    - Taiwan is the neighbor of Chine
    - AI Surveillance Cameras Are a Threat
    - It is not a good usage of AI technology
    - Ah, instead of using technology to democracy,
        - doninance
    - people in power of control
        - provide power
        - give more power to people in the contrary
    - What kind 〜 approach？
        - What approach would you take to address the issue?
        - What approach would improve democracy?
            - Here, I was supposed to talk about distributed IDs, but I can't do it well, so we're talking about Polis.
Today's Note
- I booked as many lessons as possible.
- In yesterday's lesson, I and instructor disscussed about a topic. He spoke too fast and I coundn't understand what he said. In such case, how should I say?
    - Sorry, I didn't catch that.
    - Sorry, I don't follow. Could you slow down a little?
    - How about: "Sorry, too fast to understand"
        - It should better "Sorry, you are speaking too fast for me to understand."
- What is the maximum number of sick days an employee can take in a year? / What is the maximum number of sick days an employee can take in a year?
- What is the average number of sick days taken by employee? / What is the average number of sick days taken by employee?
- Unused paid holidays carried over to the following year?
- I get lost in my work and forget to use my paid holidays.
- I'm so snowed under at work that I can't use my paid holidays.
    - I'm burried in work that I can't use my paid holidays.
- On that topic, I have another question. / On that topic, I have another question.
- I'm not that into cars./ I'm not that into cars.
- We should allow all employees work from home. / We should allow all employees work from home.
- We should make all employees work in the office. / We should make all employees work in the office.
- We need to make opportunities to communicate with other employees. / We need to make opportunities to communicate with other employees.
- I want to communicate my thoughts fluently in English.
- There was an election this past Sunday.
- One candidate acted strangely to get attention.
- We want to reach out to students to let them know our project.
- A group of YouTubers from the University of Tokyo are making a program with high educational value, sponsored by a company focused on science and technology.
    - A group of YouTubers from the University of Tokyo are making a program with high educational value, sponsored by a company focused on science and technology.

review
- Typing handwritten notes on paper or
- It is written in English only, so make it an Anki question that answers an English sentence by hinting it to DeepL
- You can't sit down on the way home on weekdays, so you should do Anki.

- [[Diary 2023-04-24]] ←Diary 2023-04-25 → [[Diary 2023-04-26]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-01-15]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-04-25]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-04-25](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-04-25) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.