---
title: "Diary 2025-02-19"
---


[[Survival strategies in niches]] are not portable in knowledge.
Because [[each niche is different]].
Because they are different, that is where they become a niche, allowing them to survive favorably without competition.

- [[niche]] How can we discover
It depends on [[observation of one's surroundings]].
What is [[surroundings]] when we say [[observation of surroundings]]?
This perimeter is different for different people.
- [[subjective]] is.
There is information observed through interactions with others.
In other words, [[others become]] an extension of the surroundings.


- [[Niche Contingent Expansion Strategy]]
Sow a seed and you'll hit a probability.
Given that the niche is generated by "multiplying" at this time, the niche can be generated "exponentially" and virtually seeded
- There are A and B. When C is added, there are two more A x C and B x C.
- The combination of the two alone is an order of magnitude squared.
- In fact, it is exponential because it is possible (albeit rare to combine them well) to have n combinations.
    - Niches that combine a lot have low hit probability, but also high barriers to entry when they do hit.
    - I think the smaller the probability p, the larger the scarcity value 1/p, so the p factor cancels out.
    - [[Make three.]]
        - [[Make three kinds of works.]]
- Virtual decrease in investment per niche.

When the AB niche is hit, it can be connected to the BC niche and controlled as a net
- That's what's happening now.
    - Meeting Plurality is pretty much luck
    - The focus on the "broad listening" concept in Plurality was coupled with what I have come to think in the past
        - I did that history with [[Broad Listening "That Figure" Study Group]].
        - It's not clear because it involves a lot of different things, but there are a lot of different couplings occurring, [[teal organization]] and so on.
                - [[Cybozu Method: Teal Organization Feature]]
    - I had the opportunity to speak to Mr. Yasuno about broad listening via LT of Unexplored Junior
    - While I was involved in the Governor's project, it led to the visualization of higher dimensional vectors that I was working on in my doctoral program.

- [[Bouldering 2025-02-19]]

- [[Yasuno Team Taiwan Debriefing]]

- [[Diary 2025-02-18]] ← Diary 2025-02-19 → [[Diary 2025-02-20]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-11-11]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-02-19]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-02-19](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-02-19) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.