---
title: "Diary 2025-04-22"
---


Devin use all over the place
- Have them read the issues that are stopping because they can't see the Next Action and create a plan of action.
- If it looks good, proceed with implementation.
- Even if not, "Devin says this, but not because of these problems?" The discussion can evolve into "Why not?


Oh, you forgot to switch the weekly journal!

website week5 update

I want week6 to be automatically activated tomorrow.

I'd like to block off a day when I'm not covered in meetings to work on it.

Move to a place that takes about an hour.

Threw more and more issues to Devin, yesterday
- A day goes by and you forget what you threw.
- I don't know the progress status of N "forgotten items".
- I need to write it down on a list and organize it.

[[Scott Wu YouTube Japan 2025-04-22]]

The date changed before I finished reviewing the task I threw at Devin yesterday.
- But it was fun, there was no choice not to participate, no choice.

[[Rikken AI Wellness Conference]]

Why are you so busy?
- I thought you weren't busy. Maybe you just have a [[sense of busyness]].
- I think it's [[the confusion that's causing the loss]].
- I think they're getting worse at [[task switching]] and [[context switch costs]] are going up.
- Isn't it just a [[loss of]] fitness?

- [[LLM Ice Age]]

- [[Diary 2025-04-21]] ← Diary 2025-04-22 → [[Diary 2025-04-23]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2025-01-12]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-04-22]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-04-22](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-04-22) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.