---
title: "Diary 2023-09-01"
---


- [[Passing on sleeping words to AI 2023-09-01]]


- As for interaction design, it was not a good idea to make the diary page the AI target anyway.
    - I can't write while waiting for processing.
    - The feeling of being overwritten is a brake on the writing process.
    - This is not essential because it is Scrapbox's fault.
- Too many meanings in one lump is not good enough.
        - [[Single Responsibility Principles]]


- [[oracle that predicts the next day's events]], the word [[oracle]] may be nuanced to "be a good thing"
- Can we just say "[[nonsense]]"?

- [[Passing on sleeping words to AI 2023-09-01]]
    - [[AI Shaman]]


- [[AI thinking: the search for fragments and evolutionary dynamics]]

[A one-line summary at the beginning is a nice touch.
- I was applying [[MemoChat]] to [[unnamed-project]] and started to use it.

- [[Trade-off between speculation and development]]

- [[Update Interval of AI Notes]]

- [[Operative error in updating AI notes]]
- [[It's buried at the bottom of the AI page.]]

- [[Is the exchange style of knowledge exchange A?]]

- [[Update Interval of AI Notes]]

- [[Discovering connections between different content]]

- [[Push yourself into cognitive overload and observe]]
- [[Why not specify the purpose of each page of the AI note?]]


- [[I've accumulated more than anyone else.]]


- [[Eventually, you won't be able to see it.]]

- [[Programming Philosopher]]

[/villagepump/2023/09/01#64f1a3c46eb40600006da610](https://scrapbox.io/villagepump/2023/09/01#64f1a3c46eb40600006da610)

- [[Diary 2023-08-31]] ←Diary 2023-09-01 → [[Diary 2023-09-02]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-05-24]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-09-01]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-09-01](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-09-01) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.