---
title: "Diary 2024-08-14"
---


- [[shingles]] prodromal pain, maybe this is the first time
- At the beginning of the outbreak, you may think, "What's hurting me, is it muscle pain? A pain from the fever?" I thought.
- I've added a new pain option to my life...
- And they say "I'll give you some vitamins" without any remedy or anything...


[[MANAGEMENTAL TASKS]].
- [[On days when I do managerial tasks, I can't do creator tasks.]]
I've been too busy with the Tokyo gubernatorial election and FtCTokyo to make progress on the creator task of the Plurality book review, so I've made the creator task my top priority and as a result, the manager task is collapsing, and the video creation for the mid-term camp for the Unexplored Junior was due on the 17th.


Should I ask for 95 understanding at a cost of 2 when I can get 90 understanding at a cost of 1?
- One exceptional case that I recently learned about is that if you want to run for office and get as many votes as possible, you have to be understood by as many people as possible.
    - Elections are a business in a market where every adult has just a penny of "a penny that goes bad if you don't spend it".
        - Everyone is a supposed customer.
    - Not so in a normal business environment.
        - Most people are not expected customers.
    - [[Pleasing the masses is evil.]]
        - [[I want to be considered important only by those who matter.]]
        - [[Why I am not a good politician]]


- [[Diary 2024-08-13]] ←Diary 2024-08-14 → [[Diary 2024-08-15]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-05-06]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-08-14]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-08-14](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-08-14) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.