---
title: "Diary 2023-06-13"
---


[[pVectorSearch2023-06-13]]

- When you create [[coined word]], there are people who want people to use it and there are others who don't.
- In deepening my [[thinking]], I need a [[handle]] to operate on concepts that do not yet have a [[Name]], so I give them a name.
        - Since [[consider]] is me, [[others don't have to use it]].
    - I'm glad others are using it because it's [[social proof]] that what I cut out was a useful concept.
    - It doesn't matter if that other person says, "The name A doesn't feel right to me, so I'm going to call it B.
        - It's not the handle pattern that's valuable.
- Cases where others take pleasure in using "words of their own making".
    - Desire to influence the behavior of others
        - Isn't this [[lust for power]] in [[McClelland's theory of desire]]?
    - When others say, "The name A doesn't feel right to me, so I'm going to call you B," I'm annoyed.
- What is the case of giving a new meaning to a term that is already made to mean X in the world without permission?

- [[About half of Japanese do not know ChatGPT]]

> [@nishio](https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1668578354830934016): participating in interesting projects that others are doing is a fun collaboration opportunity, but don't skimp on your own projects because of it! You should not skip your own project because of it. You have to do it because you alone are responsible for the success or failure of the project if you don't push it forward.
    - I was tempted to translate the rest of [[Technology Handbook for a New Society, for Cooperation Across Differences]], but I didn't have time.

- [[Diary 2023-06-12]] ←Diary 2023-06-13 → [[Diary 2023-06-14]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-03-05]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-06-13]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-06-13](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-06-13) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.