---
title: "Diary 2023-08-07"
---


[/unnamed-project/ can run as a joint editing project if there are two people who write it](https://scrapbox.io/unnamed-project/ can run as a joint editing project if there are two people who write it).
- If one of them was an AI, wouldn't one person be able to get started?
    - [[Instead of speaking to many, speak to one and let the many hear you.]]
- AI asks you questions and you answer them.

Maybe the reason I've continued to write my thoughts since the days when it was a blog is because I wasn't "speaking for the multitudes to hear."
- I wasn't even talking to one person.
- So it was "talk to yourself."
- Notes for the future self and notes for the past self
    - When you figure out after a while how something can be technically accomplished, you write an article that says, "This kind of article would have helped me in the past.

Speaking to a large number of people unconsciously expects a reaction from that large number of people.
- In fact, the rise of social networking has made it easier to get reactions.
- On the other hand, the ease of getting reactions does not necessarily mean that it is the right thing to pour your life's time into
    - You can't do something like [[climb a mountain that no one has discovered yet]] if you're looking for reactions.
- [[Short-term reaction]].
    - It's easy to relate to the act because you get it right away.
    - But it's only as good as you can get quickly, so even if you collect a lot of them, they quickly scatter and become empty.

This is the reason why I'm not very excited about operating an English account.
- I write for my own reading, so it will be optimal if it's written in a language I'm comfortable reading.
- Putting it into English would allow "many people" to hear it, but I didn't want to speak to "many people".
- So I can't find what I want to post on my English account on Twitter or on Bluesky.
- Just stop trying to "talk" to unspecified people.
- Enables you to hear
- If there is a particular individual who has asked you a question, have a conversation with that one person.

I'm trying to figure out why I'm not excited about all the technical things we can do.
[[2023 SNS Considerations]]

- [[Diary 2023-08-06]] ←Diary 2023-08-07 → [[Diary 2023-08-08]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-04-29]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-08-07]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-08-07](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-08-07) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.