---
title: "Diary 2023-05-06"
---


Read all 8 volumes of Bath Salts in the Bath [[Himenosphere]].
- I'm so sweaty from the two rolls that it wakes me up like an outdoor air bath after a sauna.
- Then take another bath that is moderately lukewarm.
- Plenty of sweat.

I had seen bits and pieces of Hymenosphere on Twitter a few times, and my interest in the science fiction aspect of the book was at odds with my feelings of not liking the bullying and sexual descriptions, but when I actually read it, I was glad to see that the science fiction component was much more prevalent.
- Well, sci-fi stories are hard to cut out for social networking.
- And the elements of mystery and surprise.

More and more content that is originally in English and wondering how to handle it.
- [[pContinuousTranslation2023-05-06]]

It's finally over.
- [[English Lesson 2023-05-02]]

By taking a whole day off, my mind finally switched to a mode of long-term thinking.
- The most important thing now is to do something about the missing Apple Pencil.
    - Because it's necessary for both diagramming and writing words that you can't pronounce well.
    - I've inquired at the English school to see if they've forgotten anything, but maybe I should just go to the Apple Store and buy it.
        - It wouldn't hurt to have a spare.
- Now we just need to get the Chinese version of the book out of the miniclass.
    - I don't know if I'll ever use it.



- [[Diary 2023-05-05]] ←Diary 2023-05-06 → [[Diary 2023-05-07]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-01-26]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-05-06]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-05-06](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-05-06) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.