---
title: "Diary 2022-10-11"
---


> [@nishio](https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1579679415021473792): In retrospect, it's puzzling that despite all the shortcut keys I learned and scripts I wrote to make efficient use of my time, I never questioned the hour a day I spent commuting I wonder if I was under some kind of cognitive inhibition spell. It's so strange that I wonder if I was under some kind of cognitive inhibition spell. I wonder why.

relevance
    - [[Eliminate Saturdays, Sundays, and holidays.]]
    - [[compelling force]]


> [@raurublock](https://twitter.com/raurublock/status/1579685748663791616?s=20&t=8uNckn2ftlZTjUKF-Sp4kQ): I thought it was another "[[Look for keys under a street lamp. lamp.]]" (It's not easy to make it OK without commuting, so I give up).
> Maybe there are a lot of people who recognize "[[Focus on cost performance]]" as "looking for keys only under streetlights"?



- [[Diary 2022-10-05]] was reorganized and cut into [[Art medium]].
- The rest of the cut out talks about [[Programs that are indistinguishable from humans]], [Programs that continue to operate even after death
- Postmortem design is even smarter than designing while you are alive because you can't see the results and correct them.

- [[Diary 2022-10-10]] ← Diary 2022-10-11 → [[Diary 2022-10-12]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2022-07-03]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2021-10-11]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2022-10-11](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2022-10-11) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.