---
title: "Diary 2024-02-15"
---


I realized that I would have to work seven days in a row if I didn't change my schedule because Saturday and Sunday were unexplored results debriefing sessions, so I decided to take Thursday (today) and Monday off, but I couldn't think of anything in particular I wanted to do because I was off, and I almost went about my life as usual.

The little A in me says that since I'm off on a weekday, I might as well have a new experience of the type that is available on weekdays and crowded on weekends.

And another midget, B, kvetches, "That's how you try to cram 'new experiences' into your vacation again."


I've been kneading Scrapbox for a whole day and I'm still coming up with things I forgot to write.


Compared to Keichobot in the early days when ChatGPT came out, I found Keichobot better in some situations
- This is the relationship between "a simple knife you are familiar with" and "a multi-purpose processing machine".
- About a year after the river of multi-purpose machining centers has been getting faster and faster and more powerful, I haven't had a chance to use the Keichobot.
    - Maybe it's because my ChatGPT skills have improved.
Kozaneba, on the other hand, still has value.
- I have a feeling that combining it with LLM would make it more valuable.

- [[Diary 2024-02-14]] ← Diary 2024-02-15 → [[Diary 2024-02-16]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-11-07]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-02-15]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-02-15](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-02-15) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.