---
title: "Diary 2023-04-22"
---

- [[People who see admiration for the big things as admiration for themselves personally.]]
- We'll find out later what the difference is between praise and admiration.

I arrived GABA 40 minutes ahead of the book.
- This is the only time I didn't bring my computer.
- I mistakenly thought he was going to be late.
- Just now the previous lesson is started.

By the way it should be nice traning that prohibiting Japanese during I am visiting Gaba
- I noticed that scrapbox ignores iPhone's smart input
    - mmm

Writing opinions in the native language tends to be too costly and therefore too long
- This is a near-surface term in the [iceberg model
- Writing digest in English may facilitate crystalizing
    - maybe typo. I'll check later
- First you wrote text in your native language, then make digest versions in English as a second language. It will facilitate crystallization of thoughts.
- Not translate, just digest.
- Bercause writing opinions in the native language is less costful to find words, more lengthy the text.

[[The origin of bubble tea]]

Random talks are interesting than lesson

[[falls asleep]]


Note
- I mentor middle and high school students.
    - I give advise to them.
- You are great at rephrasing and restructuring sentences and asking questions.
- the prepositions of time
- I have never been there.
- He is greeting with the man.
    - [[in front of one's desk]]
- [[PB&J]]
- I finished it ...
    - yesterday
        - in the morning / afternoon / evening
        - at night
    - on Monday
- Is the research done?
    - It isn't done yet.
    - Not yet.
    - No. I'll ~~
- It doesn't isn't finished yet.
    - because, in this case, "finished" is adjective
- I started to go to the gym.
- Long time ago. (more natural than "long years ago")
- I didn't finish the last section.
- We can't proceed to the next step
- busy in meeting
- By tomorrow evening.
    - "By tomorrow night" is unnatural
- for a long time
- [[suffocate v.s. choke]]
- I'm working from home
- I try to be efficient.
    - NG: I try to process efficient.  Because efficient is adjective.
    - NG: I try to process efficiently.  Because "process" needs objective.
    - OK: I try to process all documents efficiently.
- I couldn't read all documents.
- I'll take a bath for a long time.
- They'll determine where they can open a shop.
    - NG: Where they can open a shop.
        - Sounds like asking question.
    - NG: The goal of this discussion is where they can open a shop.
- We'll book a hotel room.

- [[Diary 2023-04-21]] ← Diary 2023-04-22 → [[Diary 2023-04-23]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-01-12]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-04-22]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-04-22](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-04-22) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.