---
title: "Diary 2024-01-02"
---

- [[Orthodoxy Bias in Japanese Culture]]
- [[Sell easy digital opiates to increase the number of users.]]
- [[Virtual space reflecting formal organizational structure is not enough]]




About Translation
- In my plan:
    - Talk on Plurality Seoul
    - Why I am a Pluralist
- Q: Do you think there's anything else beneficial for spreading the concept of Plurality in Japan? Personally, I'm interested in the Gitcoin case.
    - > my response to a survey run by GitCoin about "favorite public goods", but I said language was mine
- Q: What channel do you prefer for asking questions?


In [[Quadratic Voting: How Mechanism Design Can Radicalize Democracy]]
- > As is common in the analysis of markets for private goods (Willig, 1976), we assume there are enough issues and that each is sufficiently inconsequential that every voter has a quasi-linear “continuation value” for retaining voice credits for future votes.
- I believe this discussion assumes that voice credits are intended to be used across multiple temporally dispersed opportunities.
- In the case of [[Gitcoin]], where voice credits are tied to money, this assumption holds true.
- However, in the case of voting styles that grant 99 votes for one voting-event, the credits become worthless after that vote, lacking “[[continuation value]]”.
- I am concerned that many discussions about [[Quadratic Voting]] in Japan focus solely on the latter implementation, potentially missing the important essence.


- [[Singularity and plurality are two sides of the same coin.]]
[/nishio-en/Singularity and plurality are two sides of the same coin.](https://scrapbox.io/nishio-en/Singularity and plurality are two sides of the same coin.)

- [[Diary 2024-01-01]] ← Diary 2024-01-02 → [[Diary 2024-01-03]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-09-24]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-01-02]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-01-02](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-01-02) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.