---
title: "Diary 2023-04-20"
---


- If the [[language barrier]] is eliminated, about 10 times as many Japanese speakers will find value in this Scrapbox.
- I thought I could proceed a little more leisurely, but the world was changing faster than I thought it would, and that's how I feel in 2023.
- Proceed [[pScrapboxAutoTrans2023-04-18]].

Today's English conversation lesson
- bad: "there is no rail in a real conversation"
    - There is no expectable context in a real conversation
- He has many things in his hands
- (For scattered document) We need to gather the documents.
- (For cables) They are tangled.
    - We need to untangle the cables.
- He has problem using the copy machine.
    - Bad: problem to use
        - Reason: the problem is already happened.
- We need to tell him where he can get papers.
- He was surprised to see the problem.
- We can not help him with that.
- I'll ask for the password.
    - I'll get the password for you.
- I'll get someone to help you in 10 minutes.
- "hit the wall" is natural American English
- just for fun / just my hobby
- welder (person) / weld (verb)
- courier
    - package
    - luggage is usually a bag of traveller
- I'm expecting a call
- I'm expected to do that
- Will I be expected to do that?
- Will I be expected to have a sales quota?
    - norma is not natural English
        - I see, it is from Russian
            - [https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/норма#Russian](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/норма#Russian)
    - hit the target
- take a survey
    - survey is big
    - Will I be expected to collect feedbacks from customers?
- book a flight
    - "appointment" is usually mean to meet person
        - formal
    - When you'll meet with friends, say "I have plans for lunch"
- He'll be angry / He'll might get angry.

- [[Diary 2023-04-19]] ← Diary 2023-04-20 → [[Diary 2023-04-21]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-01-10]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-04-20]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-04-20](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-04-20) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.