---
title: "Diary 2023-09-28"
---

- [[Kumano Kodo 2023]] Day4

Friday Schedule
- Watch the final video of the [[Matsuo Lab Summer School 2023 Large-Scale Language Models]] session that we skipped on Tuesday, and then check how long the exercise environment will be available and make plans for the future.
    - What other participants have to say
        - > [techtalkjp](https://twitter.com/techtalkjp/status/1707221649320558818) I've got a chase Colab billing.
        - >  I enjoyed the competition.
        - Looks like so much fun, I can't wait to go back to where the PC is.
- I'm planning to climb Mt. Tsukuba with friends on 10/2, so I'll take a paid day off.
- You were so preoccupied last weekend with preparing for the trip that you didn't switch up your weekly journal.
    - It is inappropriate to combine them into one since the experiences are obviously different while traveling.
    - I'm not sure the workshop has much to do with travel either.

Organize offline diaries
    - [[Right knee pain due to mountain climbing]]
    - [[Choosing a tool to write down your thoughts]]
    - [[Are you a customer or a product?]]
    - [[Processing information from events]]
    - [[Koban Jizo]]

- [[Diary 2023-09-27]] ←Diary 2023-09-28 → [[Diary 2023-09-29]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-06-20]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-09-28]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-09-28](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-09-28) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.