---
title: "Diary 2023-07-11"
---


Is this Scrapbox description based on some [[philosophy book]]`? A story about a question that was asked`
- Sometimes I do, and when I have references, I usually specify them.
- But generally, the [[abstract]] thing doesn't come first; the [[concrete]] thing comes first.
- You can bring an abstract thing, but you can't [combine it into a concrete [[context]] when it's in [[borrowed thing]] state
        - [[Taking the top of the pyramid is not what I expected.]]
    - [[It is not knowledge that can be applied unless it is connected to experience.]]
    - Example: [[The fastest course is not the fastest." birth process]].
    - Reading a book on [[DESIGN PATTERN]] does not make you a programmer.
    - When someone who can program reads a book on design patterns and sees a pattern written and named that is similar to the pattern he thought of or the pattern in the source code he read, he says, "I see, you call it the X pattern.
    - Later, when you need it, you will be able to recall the "X pattern" and design it better.
            - [[Putting handles on concepts]]
    - Concrete examples only come first.
            - [[You can't put a box in the air.]]
            - [[Essential knowledge must be produced by each individual.]]
            - [[You have to create it yourself.]]



Some people, when they reach a certain level of greatness, take it for granted that they will be invited to "come and see us.
- Then, with a mysterious pride, they will not participate in the "you may come" type of place, saying that they are not invited, or that it is too much of an inconvenience for them to participate on their own.
    - [[world closing in]]
- In order to prevent this from happening, we must maintain a state of mind in which we can say, "Please let us participate" when we are willing to come to something that is "good enough.
- People who sulk or get angry because they weren't invited.
    - I'm not inclined to invite them in.
    - before With social networking, you may not have realized you weren't invited.
    - Information distribution has become so popular on social networking sites that it has become visible.
    - The [[Sleeping Beauty Witch]] was angry that she wasn't invited to the party, so she put a curse on her.
    - How can I avoid being victimized by these types of people ......?
        - Diving out of sight is one option, but I'm not sure we can keep diving.
        - Pitting toxic people against each other in a place that invites toxic people to voluntarily leave each other.
            - difficult (e.g. customer, guest, child)
        - Behave in a way that toxic people think it's a boring place to be.


Even these memos come out of seeing something concrete and then abstracting it.

The seed in question is planted and sprouts some time later.
    - [[Parable of the Plants]]

- [[Diary 2023-07-10]] ← Diary 2023-07-11 → [[Diary 2023-07-12]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-04-02]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-07-11]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-07-11](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-07-11) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.