---
title: "Diary 2024-09-04"
---


image of a person waking up from sleep
    - [[Pick up what you drop.]]

Today's Massage
[[Leg spread]] 147 to 158 cm
There was compensatory external rotation of the right side when the back of the left thigh was being stretched.
- Stiffness of the tensor fascia femoris muscle
    - ilio-tibial ligament
    - quadriceps muscle
- Finger 3 below the pelvic protrusion
    - Massage gun should be applied to the tensor fascia femoris to the iliotibial ligament.
- Might be temporary as it was not observed last time.
    - And I've been on a plane.
    - next observation

[https://x.com/gerogeror/status/1831113604168597532?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw](https://x.com/gerogeror/status/1831113604168597532?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw)
I'll check back later.

Stretching is working and I'm sleepy.

Health checkup tomorrow
- What to do.
- Two books arrived, read.

Probably easier to manage individuals than to manage an organization if it's from more than one person, and easier to develop individual strategies than to develop organizational strategies.
- So I think we should first develop a strategy for individuals, manage individuals, and then when we still have room, we should do the strategy and management of the organization.
- Most people are incapable of strategic planning for their organizations, so there is no negative impact if they don't do it, only a positive impact when they do.
- The very thought of "personal strategy"
trigger
Discussion on how organizations should survive against AI
- How are you personally going to survive the changes in the environment caused by AI in the first place?
- People who have no idea that they personally are being frightened.
    - In short, you say, "Wow, scary!" because someone else says, "The wolf is coming!
    - I didn't go to see for myself if the wolf is actually coming.
    - How can someone with such low antennae put aside personal strategy and think about "organizational strategy" at a high level of abstraction?
        - I don't think I can.

- [[Diary 2024-09-03]] ← Diary 2024-09-04 → [[Diary 2024-09-05]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-05-27]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-09-04]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-09-04](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-09-04) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.