---
title: "Diary 2023-07-13"
---


I noticed an email at 27:00 on the 12th requesting the manuscript to be out by the 12th (yeah).

I need to draw a 200-300 word abst, but this is for the electronic library and not on the physical paper, so I should be able to extend the deadline (bad idea).
- They said no.

Many people ask questions thinking that AI is the entity that can provide objective truth. However, the author finds usefulness in conversations with beings that have different perspectives from his own. Truthfulness and usefulness are different. Diversity of viewpoints plays an important role in discovering blind spots.
The development of AI technology will enhance people's ability to summarize and understand the opinions of many other people. This will affect the structure of organizations and society.
In an age when not only the "subjectivity of one person" but also the "subjectivity of many" becomes the object of thought, the form of intellectual production will also change. How will it change?

- [[Diary 2023-07-12]] ←Diary 2023-07-13 → [[Diary 2023-07-14]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-04-04]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-07-13]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-07-13](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-07-13) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.