---
title: "Diary 2023-04-21"
---


TODO
- Make an Appointment with Gaba
    - I was annoyed that the system was troublemaking, but it was eventually fixed, so let bygones be bygones.
    - Two sessions from 4:00 p.m. each on Saturday and Sunday
- Finish the document review for the unexplored junior
    - Sunday deadline

Past Gaba texts were in the miniclass and applied for retrieval. Looks like they will be delivered on Tuesday.



> [erukiti](https://twitter.com/erukiti/status/1649236961088110592) If a causal relationship can be discovered between the source code ratio of LLM training data and inference ability, we may be waiting for a worldview that says, "Human thinking ability will improve if you do programming" and "If you don't do programming, you won't be able to compete in certain fields. If you don't do programming, you won't be able to compete in a certain field" worldview might be waiting for us.
> [erukiti](https://twitter.com/erukiti/status/1649237207390257154) If that were true, then the intelligence of today's children, now that "information" classes are compulsory, would be improved over generations that are not.

Of course I believe it is.
- More and more people are experienced in expressing themselves in "a language that is rigorously descriptive and computer verifiable."
- For example, [[smart contract]] is a [[contract]] that can be written programmatically.
    - In a world where the majority of people can't read the program, most people still don't have a clue.
        - (I was that way too until recently.)
    - In a society where the majority of people can read the program, the contract will be "written in clear language, not in vague natural language.
        - The [[language barrier]] between countries will be eliminated, and people from all over the world will be able to contract with each other through [[lingua franca]].

- [[Diary 2023-04-20]] ← Diary 2023-04-21 → [[Diary 2023-04-22]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-01-11]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-04-21]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-04-21](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-04-21) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.