---
title: "Diary 2023-06-14"
---


[Function calling and other API updates](https://openai.com/blog/function-calling-and-other-api-updates)
Function Calling is the principle of [[ChatGPT Plugins]] or Browse mode, which is an interface to connect third-party applications with GPT.
- I wrote a little about it here [[story study on connecting my Scrapbox to ChatGPT #641ab837aff09e00005ddc0e]].
    - > [[Toolformer]]-like approach is attractive in the long term as a combination of (existing services and) ChatGPT-like
        - An evolution of the "Toolformer-like approach" of
    - At that time
        - > At this point (3/23), [[LangChain's agent]] looks close, but I can't decide if this will be the de facto standard in 6 months or if it will have collapsed.
        - but as of today, "the original company has started to provide it as an API, so that one is likely to become the de facto".

Tweets by OpenAI people
[https://twitter.com/shanegjp/status/1668786441089073152](https://twitter.com/shanegjp/status/1668786441089073152)
> The Function API has been added to the ChatGPT API! This is effectively an API version of ChatGPT Plugins!
> The large language model (Software 2.0) itself had limited computation and knowledge and zero real-world execution capability. This allows for easy integration with all existing software (Software 1.0).
> Of course, there are a lot of things that have been done with open-source prompt engineering and scripting before this, but this API will be officially supported by OpenAI, so the accuracy will increase and continue to increase.

- [["OpenAI will officially support it, so accuracy will go up, and it will continue to go up]] So, I think the ecosystem around ChatGPT is getting excited about this big wave. I think the ecosystem around ChatGPT is getting excited about this big wave.

- [[Diary 2023-06-13]] ←Diary 2023-06-14 → [[Diary 2023-06-15]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-03-06]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-06-14]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-06-14](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-06-14) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.