---
title: "Diary 2025-04-27"
---


[[Devin credit used up 4/27]].

- We just barely succeeded in using up all of Devin's tokens before they expired.
    - I feel like it was a good experience.
    - I still can't verbalize what was so good about it.
- Less suffering.
    - Stop "tabbed work-in-progress tasks
    - Devin's WebUI list is getting better, but I don't rely on it.
        - PR'd, merged, etc. are now shown as icons, so it is much easier to grasp the situation.
        - On the other hand, "why are you doing it, how did you think about it, what did you ask for?" is on the human side, so the WebUI can't tell you.
        - I've been confused because I've been switching tabs and such without verbalizing it.
        - Better to keep it free-form with Cosense bullet points.

Plurality Fair
[https://x.com/dt_humanity/status/1916303746411475180?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw](https://x.com/dt_humanity/status/1916303746411475180?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw)

Since [[maintainer]] time is a [[non-replicable resource]], allowing [[taker]] to [[take]] in a community that allows [[permissionless]] participation is a [Tragedy of Common Land
- If you drop the story "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry" directly into the community, it's going to cause friction.

250 Subscription ACU
426.41 Gift ACU
100 Pay-as-you-go ACU

- [[Diary 2025-04-26]] ← Diary 2025-04-27 → [[Diary 2025-04-28]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2025-01-17]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-04-27]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-04-27](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-04-27) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.