---
title: "Diary 2024-02-03"
---

Comparing 20s and 40s, 40s are physically inferior to 20s.

Most people don't want to face that "[[decline]]," so they try to make themselves look bigger by [[padding]] with what they've gained in the past.
- What I have gained in the past is "[[knowledge]]", "[[track record]]", "[[human relations]]", "[[social position]]", etc.
- (People who don't have anything to use for padding try to use [[age]] being on top.)

But this "desire to use what one has gained in the past" becomes a chain that keeps one in the "realm where it can be used."
- Unconsciously, we try to stay in the area where we can stand in a favorable position due to our past accumulation.
- It discourages exploration of new areas that did not exist in the past.
    - [[Trade-offs between use and exploration]]

It is inefficient to be bound by these ties, so we must consciously suppress the desire to "use the past.
- This is not "don't use the past."
- Difference in order
    - If you decide first to use the past and then choose an area, you can't explore it.
    - First, choose an area and explore it, and if you find an opportunity to demonstrate the value of using something from the past as a result, then use it.


- [[Diary 2024-02-02]] ← Diary 2024-02-03 → [[Diary 2024-02-04]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-10-26]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-02-03]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-02-03](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-02-03) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.