---
title: "Diary 2025-07-10"
---


Entrepreneurial Management
Salaried Management
- Bureaucratic management?

Entrepreneurial management of an organization that should be managed in an entrepreneurial manner is spoiled by salaried management.
- I think there are a lot of organizations like that, not just Cybozu Labs.

- [[public information AI]] Automatic report generationsuccess

- Update a little [Think of society as a human computation
- I had a little over a month's worth of reminders to spare and ignored all the reminders because I couldn't afford them. w

Technical articles, "Maybe you should write this one?" on my task list, but I'll write it here and cross it off the list because writing technical articles is not a high priority in my current cross section.
- [[article that should be written]].
    - Do you prefer Note or Qiita?
    - I think you should write a robust technical article on Qiita and then let AI round it out and make it a Note.
- Devin Utilization Platform Design Story
    - Devin's utilization statistics.
    - relevance
        - [[diary 2025-07-04#6867845300000000000000373cc4]]
- Technology Supporting the Use of Policy PR
    - Technology to make use of 4000+ policy proposals PR in manifesto
    - Data tends to increase because the original is long, and analysis of the entire data was overcapacity for humans.
        - How to solve this "overcapacity due to miscellaneous large amounts of stuff" is, well, a research topic for the long term.
            - Interesting in theory.
            - In the short term, and for practical purposes, we can apply categorization first.
        - [[Technology to support PR utilization (document)]]
- public information AI
    - Policy as a whole / by policy category
    - X whole / per day
    - Automated report generation via scripts
    - 7/10 dd2030 slack
        - > The script to run X posts for 5 days on the spread AI one day at a time ran through successfully.
        - >  I know it's messy, but I'll share it with you.
        - >  [https://gist.github.com/nishio/dac10b1316e6a984eb37a1360926040b](https://gist.github.com/nishio/dac10b1316e6a984eb37a1360926040b)
        - 7/9 Use Case Explanation
            - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1plggszRTxEEYUcZuCLiHkPrBsMtxr3RQpctKtZe5y4M/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.j9vegd4f7lmm](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1plggszRTxEEYUcZuCLiHkPrBsMtxr3RQpctKtZe5y4M/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.j9vegd4f7lmm)
    - Experiments to extract awareness of the problem, not the solution
        - I need to update the example prompt.
        - Might be a good idea to have the prompt itself output to o3.
        - [[thankyou-helper]]
            - Look at the PR relationship and recommend it when A's sense of the problem is solved by B's MERGE or when A's solution is related to the solution B has adopted.
            - The graph can be made mechanically by overlapping edit intervals.
            - A twist is needed to do the linkage above the LLM meaning.
                - Like similarity after extraction.

- Knowledge extraction from Slack
    - Legal affairs in particular

- [[Short Video Maker 2]]

- [[People who don't want to be left behind from the world's growth.]]

- [[Digital Mahayana Buddhism]]
- Well, I'm a Buddhist, but I'm not a [[Mahayana Buddhism]] student, so I shouldn't be a politician.


> [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1943255961986306552) You shouldn't say "they're Nazis" or "they're parrots" to any group. It doesn't mean that the person who is told "yes, I'll change my ways". You should point out individual, specific problems that can be remedied.

> [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1943228997053079697) I believe that reporting important policies in a [[messy dichotomy]] like "Yes or No" is a method of fomenting division and attracting attention, which is not good for the healthy development of society. I don't think it is good for the healthy development of society. In this regard, I think it is important for AI Anzu to take the time to answer the questions of those who are anxious, and we can communicate as many times as we like until our anxieties are resolved. Mirai!
>  >ponsukeponsukee: I was worried about Mr. Anno's idea of constitutional change in #TeamMirai, so I asked AI Anno-kun and got a very convincing answer.
>  If you are disappointed or worried about whether you are a constitutionalist or not, I encourage you to ask AI Anno-kun a question and decide who to vote for after learning about our constitutional thinking as Team Mirai.
- [[Reducing Fragmentation]].

> [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1943206275762000361) Note that I am taking a paid day off today to rest and then do non-business activities (disclaimer).
- I was making [[short videos]].

> [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1943125497711595904) Thanks to Pokemon sleep, you'll notice early on that your sleep has collapsed...... your perception of yourself It's easy to lower and neglect yourself, but Pokemon can make you feel helter-skelter ......
> [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1943128399167324625) Even though I'm subjectively fine, I'm still ahead of him because "I didn't go to bed before 4am when the date switch happened, so it counts as not sleeping" or "I forgot to start measuring before I went to bed". Pokemon becomes the face of all-night work ......

> [Mocherin](https://x.com/Mocherin/status/1942838794522354163) The story of the 5th grader who talked to the candidates for the election came on the air, and when I was in the 2nd grade (not 5th grade, as I thought), I got a little bit into politics and went up to a certain politician's campaign office at election time and said I went to a politician's campaign office to give a message of support, saying "I'm only in the eighth grade, but I support your idea! I went to a politician's campaign office to give him a message of support, and he said, "I'm only in the second grade of junior high school, but I support your idea! Thank you. But you are still in the process of learning, so I encourage you to go and listen to the voices and ideas of the candidates who disagree with mine. You should learn about the opinions and ideas of various people, and then think, study, and decide for yourself, and when you are ready to vote, you should cast your ballot.
>  It was almost 30 years ago, but I kind of thought to myself as a child, "This is the kind of person who is a real politician....
- Good story, [[reduces fragmentation]].



- [[Diary 2025-07-09]] ← Diary 2025-07-10 → [[Diary 2025-07-11]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2025-04-01]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-07-10]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-07-10](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-07-10) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.