---
title: "Diary 2025-01-04"
---


- [[Walking and chatting with AI 2025-01-04]]
---

We had a recap of the [[Meetup with Audrey & Glen]].
- There is unusual intellectual production going on and I'm thinking, what is this?
    - Instead of "summarizing" from a YouTube transcript of an English lecture, he's looking at the notes I wrote there, having attended it six months earlier, and instructing me to "quote and explain what he's saying about these things."
    - Much better than the general [[AI Summary]], and why not?
    - More information than a summary to begin with.
    - It's a specific topic, so it's dense, not all-inclusive and vague.
- > [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1875538601364349132) It's been six months since I've been busy and haven't been able to produce a summary of the July event, but in the meantime, o1 Pro has come out and is able to produce a more efficient and higher quality product than I could do directly. It is possible that WW has been able to do it more efficiently and with higher quality than I could have done it directly.
- [[o1 Pro]] is great, because it makes it so that when you say, "According to the notes I have, this is what you were talking about," it comes out as, "This is what I was talking about specifically."

Started looking back on [Funding the Commons Tokyo 2024
- I see a page for a very small portion of Day 1.
- I probably ran out of steam before I even made it all the way through Day 1.

- [[Diary 2025-01-03]] ← Diary 2025-01-04 → [[Diary 2025-01-05]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-09-26]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-01-04]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-01-04](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-01-04) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.