---
title: "Diary 2023-11-20"
---


✅Cleaning filters
Mailing of ✅ books
✅ [[Vibram Laundry]]

Clone the current "Scrapbox auto-translated repository" and create a new one.
- Put a link to [[etude-github-actions]] on the ✅old one.
- I wonder if the new name, scrapbox-automation
    - It's too abstract and that's about all I can say.
- Stop the old Github Action when the translation works.

Public projects that you can write about, all of which are subject to crawl and save.
- There is a granularity of reuse, such as all pages, pages I have written, trees I have written, etc.
- It doesn't matter if you save everything with author information.
- Do you think you've already done the Markdown conversion?

Features of the page that do not need to be translated...
- Long AI-generated content
- Long source code
- Well, I guess you're right.
    - Basically, if something isn't long, it's not a big cost to translate it, so it's not a problem.

I haven't been able to land on the cord for the past two weeks, so it's time to put my foot down.

Preparation for Friday's study session will be done on Wednesday.
- It's a task that bothers me, but it's a task that sucks up endless hours and expands.

- [[Diary 2023-11-19]] ← Diary 2023-11-20 → [[Diary 2023-11-21]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-08-12]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-11-20]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-11-20](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-11-20) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.