---
title: "Diary 2023-06-27"
---


> This is the second Saturday and Sunday camp! It should be much easier once this is over.
I thought I had a break from the busyness, but then I looked at my calendar and there are four events in two weeks...
(I was about to add it and realized that was the fifth...

- It has been 100 days since I noticed the discomfort that [The speckled future does not expand.
- The 100 days ago link in the diary and the [[2hop link]] in Scrapbox combined nicely.
    - No, well, I designed them to combine.
- After noticing the discomfort and worrying about it, I decided to first run [[flood of tsunamis]] without looking back and then [support the celestial sphere if there is room.
    - This was the right decision.
    - For the achievements of the run [After the fact, the context is connected to the larger story.
    - [[Connecting the Dots]].

- I thought that the representative of Japan in the [[Global Deliberations]] should not be a single person, but I put that on hold because it would complicate things.
- As I was writing this I thought: [/omoikane/project-goals](https://scrapbox.io/omoikane/project-goals).
    - [[Japanese Culture AI]]

- [The cost of understanding ideas supported by multiple perspectives is high.
    - [[If it's a good idea, don't ask permission.]]
    - If it's a good idea, you don't need to ask a wide range of people to understand it at the idea stage.
    - It is enough if you can convince only those who will put forth the resources necessary to carry it out
    - I'd rather not overcost myself in trying to get people to understand.
        - [It's easier to evaluate after the results are in.


`$ git config --global credential.helper 'cache --timeout=3600'`

- [[Diary 2023-06-26]] ←Diary 2023-06-27 → [[Diary 2023-06-28]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-03-19]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-06-27]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-06-27](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-06-27) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.