---
title: "Diary 2024-08-26"
---


I wondered which would go bad first, my knees or my back, but I came to the conclusion that it was a headache from intense stiffness in my shoulders.
- Did the approaching typhoon have anything to do with it?

I went to bed before 3:00 and woke up before 9:00, and so far I feel fine.
- I don't think I'm getting enough sleep.


For some reason, I started collecting [There are N types.
- ([[fill in the blanks (e.g. in a form)]] → [[minus design]] → [[remote control]] → [[there are two kinds of "complexity."]])
- There was a realization that realizing "there are N kinds" is a form of blind spot discovery.
- I listed the pages with "some kind of" in the title "[[Scrapbox's link suggestions are useful]]" and found a surprisingly large number of them, so I started looking at the search results.

- [[There are two types of task management]] and [There are two kinds of plans
- Furthermore, [[Is the mental model of MP out of date correct?]] led to [Busy because too busy to organize tasks
- This is contingent.
This sounds like an important realization.
- Too busy to organize tasks so "unorganized" in spare time is "tasks are not crystallized" and Scrapbox is a useful solution to this problem
- however
    - I usually write in Scrapbox, which is public, but I have more long-term projects that I can't publish.
        - [[p2024-08-26]]
    - I've been too busy in the short term to do the Scrapbox kneading.
        - When the feeling of being too busy to take a coherent time increases, I look at Twitter in the sliver of time I have, bookmark information I find useful, and then the task of reprinting it in Scrapbox grows out of it.
        - There is value in shaking up random thoughts, but because it's random, there's no sense of "connection".
        - I had to stay overnight before and take the bullet train to [[Unexplored Junior Summer Camp 2024]], and when I started reading [[Rational mysticism]], which I had been meaning to read for a while, I wanted to put my reading notes in Scrapbox.
        - I felt a renewed sense of connectedness.
            - It connects not only to the book, but also to my own past writings on Buddhism and Spinoza.

- [[Personal Timeline]]

- [[The mindset to create something new cannot be educated.]]

- [[Diary 2024-08-25]] ← Diary 2024-08-26 → [[Diary 2024-08-27]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-05-18]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-08-26]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-08-26](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-08-26) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.