---
title: "Diary 2023-11-13"
---


Yesterday's Diary
from [/villagepump/2023/11/12](https://scrapbox.io/villagepump/2023/11/12)
- Another Monday begins.
- It's been a long time since I've had a week without an imminent task.
- I think it's what you do in those situations that counts.
- First of all, I'm going to bed without staying up late for the rest of the day.
    - I'll wake up tomorrow and think about what I'm about to think about.
    - Concern about others' behavior is a sign of lack of confidence in one's own behavior.
    - When efficiency increases, if downstream demand does not grow at the same rate, upstream demand will decrease.
    - When supply increases, if enough information is shared, the demand will eat away at the higher quality.
        - Quality is subjective, it is the customer who decides
    - Large-scale education is the normal state of affairs when it is not done because it is designed to train humans to replace machines when there is not enough automated machinery.
        - It's only been done for a few hundred years at the highest.


Took an abrupt paid vacation.
- > 10:31 I suddenly got the feeling that it would be better for my mental health to have one day with no plans, so I'm taking today off with pay.

- [[When efficiency increases, if downstream demand does not grow at the same rate, upstream demand will decrease.]]
- → [[Explanation of AI Unemployment in Factorio]]
- When supply increases, if enough information is shared, the demand will eat away at the higher quality.
    - [Quality is subjective, it's the customer who decides.
        - [[Quality is determined by the customer.]]
    - [[Quality is not a one-dimensional space, but a multidimensional space]].
    - [[Inexpensive" is one of the axes of quality]].

[[Large, homogeneous education]]
- Train humans to take the place of machines when [[automated machines]] are not enough
    - It's only been done for a few hundred years at the highest.
    - If we have enough automated machines, we won't need them.
    - The normal state is that the person who is not
    - [[The struggle between "learn for yourself" and "teach yourself."]]


- [[explainability bias]]

- [[New and required course for work "Information I" Impression 2]]

- [[Create a reader AI]]
- [[Diary 2023-11-12]] ← Diary 2023-11-13 → [[Diary 2023-11-14]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-08-05]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-11-13]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-11-13](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-11-13) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.