---
title: "Diary 2023-09-08"
---


Example of a highly abstract concept: [[mushroom]].
Examples of less abstract concepts: eringi mushroom, maitake mushroom, beunashimeji mushroom
    - [[Lyophyllum shimeji (species of edible mushroom)]]
    - Lyophyllum shimeji (species of edible mushroom)
    - brown beech mushroom (Hypsizygus marmoreus)
    - Enoki(different)
    - [[Examples of Cognitive Resolution]]


Many people try to adapt the side of the tool to themselves.
By making the tools fit the "present you", you are depriving the "future you" of opportunities.

Update pickle in [Pioneer Mode
- That's how it is now.


- [[Examples of AI-assisted awareness]]
- As for the exchange of information within a company, it's an exchange Form B that allows you to continue as a member of the company by showing that you were doing your job by writing daily reports, etc.

[[Universal Religion]]
- Both [[State Buddhism]] and [[State Shinto]] are tied to the state.

- [[As long as it is written, AI can target]]


awareness
    - In [[The Future of Human-AI Communication]], I noticed that AI mentioned [Intelligent collaboration between AI and humans
    - [[🌀Nodal point of thought on Scrapbox's Englishization]]
    - translation
    - Articles to read
    - That the link be maintained.
- Create an English version of the article you want to read as an intelligent collaboration between an AI and a human.
    - We could [[extend the red link]] from that article.

Whether to write the above in the diary or on the project's page used to cause [bat problem
- If the page is regularly developed by the AI, no matter where you write it, it will be gathered by vector searches, so you don't have to worry about it.
- [[Developmental Dissolution of the One Pocket Principle]].

Tomorrow's TODO
- Watch the second video
- Trying to see if telomere preservation can be achieved.
    - Put in Omoikane, Enchi or Unnamed.
- Data Crossing Function

- [[Diary 2023-09-07]] ← Diary 2023-09-08 → [[Diary 2023-09-09]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-05-31]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-09-08]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-09-08](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-09-08) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.