---
title: "Diary 2025-03-08"
---


Saturday
- I did one pomodoro in the morning.
        - [[Script to retrieve parliamentary proceedings API]]
        - [[You should work weekends and mornings.]]
- I did a trial run of LINKLET.
    - TODO: should check to see what it looks like to take
        - [[Set up Thinklet]]

- Should switch weekly journal
        - [[Weekly journal 2025-03-01~2025-03-08]]

- We should clear out the tabs and VSCode that are too open.
    - It's not a good idea to leave the VSCode open while you're working on a work-in-progress, leave it open for more than a week.
    - Transcription cleanup, doing
        - ~/mojiokoshi
    - [[my-tools]]
    - Public Opinion Map OSS-ization
    - markdown_to_cosense
        - [[my-cosense-scripts]]
        - This is a local change to the link notation, but I questioned it, so I held off on committing.
        - Because DeepResearch's output is too large to put on Cosense in the first place.
        - my-cosense-scripts can't be used because it is likely to be converted by UserScript after being pasted into cosense by design.
        - Read and paste from the clipboard?
    - [[broadlistening-research]]
            - [[AI Agents and Research]]

- [[Diary 2025-03-07]] ← Diary 2025-03-08 → [[Diary 2025-03-09]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-11-28]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-03-08]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-03-08](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-03-08) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.