---
title: "Diary 2024-10-02"
---


When I started [[Satisfactory]], which is a time thief when I was busy with development projects, I thought the development projects would take a hit, but "life" took a hit.
The remote control for the air conditioner somehow got lost in a cupboard and I can't turn off the air conditioning, my wife screamed when I cleaned the floor after giving her a haircut in the bath and left her hair floating in the bath water, I drop other things from the shelf to put out cat food and scatter them all over the place, and much more. The stability of my life has been sacrificed.

- [[Thinking about adult developmental disabilities]]
- Exactly as the diagram shows, first comes the sacrifice of personal surroundings, then sleep.


Scrapbox is a stock of associations and when one side of an association comes up, it makes it easier to associate the other side.
Blind spot cards, which I had been doing since before Scrapbox, are "blind spot stock," a means of noticing blind spots and making them into patterns when thinking progresses, making it easier to notice similar cases when they arise.

- [[Diary 2024-10-01]] ← Diary 2024-10-02 → [[Diary 2024-10-03]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-06-24]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-10-02]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-10-02](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-10-02) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.