---
title: "Diary 2023-07-22"
---


> [kj94444018](https://twitter.com/kj94444018/status/1681982357577019393) "We don't hire car geeks," says a president of a similar industry.
>
>  There were a lot of troublesome guys who started playing with their own cars while they were working, or who took things out of customers' cars and brought them back without discarding them.
>  I hear that's the reason.
>
>  "Isn't it difficult to tell the difference between a fan and a troublesome geek? I asked him if it's difficult to tell the difference between a fan and a troublesome otaku, and he said, "It's easier than you think.

> [kj94444018](https://twitter.com/kj94444018/status/1681982359074410497) →It's easy to tell because most of the time they start talking even though you don't ask them.
>  He thinks it's better for the interview if I tell them I like them.
>
>  Well, I've certainly heard episodes of "I told them how much I loved them and they hired me immediately.
>  I'm just saying that some companies are not like that at all.
>
>  By the way, the hobby our newcomer answered during the interview was "vegetable gardening.


- [[Physical imperialism v.s. Metaphysical imperialism]]


When you're tempted to insist on the correctness of your judgment to an unspecified number of people, that's a sign that you're insecure about your judgment.
- What I subconsciously expect is to have my conviction strengthened by taking a messy rebuttal and debunking it.
- Or you can take a solid rebuttal and push for a change in your policy.
- The energy of both progress and regression is in equilibrium, which makes us anxious
- Arguing your opinion to an unspecified number of people instead of specific people is an irrational act of trying to persuade people you don't need to persuade: [[Don't persuade people you don't need to persuade.]]

Especially when you are trying to assert your righteousness by denying the opinions of others, you are quite insane!
- Arguing how someone else's proposal B is wrong when it differs from your proposal A is not an argument for the correctness of proposal A.
- Even if I believe that Proposal B is a bad idea, I am not convinced that Proposal A is a bad idea.
- What we need to do is not assert opinions, but verify them through action.

It is good to have this concern
- Working on something that may or may not be the right thing to do is the right thing to do one layer up

- [[Diary 2023-07-21]] ← Diary 2023-07-22 → [[Diary 2023-07-23]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-04-13]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-07-22]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-07-22](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-07-22) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.