---
title: "Diary 2025-05-13"
---


I had a blast after dinner and woke up at 4:00.

I'm wondering if I should go back to sleep again or get up and be active.
- At about 5:00, I was gradually getting into activity mode.

10:00
- Did I eat breakfast?
    - Would you be hungrier if you hadn't eaten?

[[Resigned from the Board of Directors of General Incorporated Association Unexplored]].
- In general, the act of throwing away X and taking Y would be taken as evidence that you "think Y is worth more than X."
- If something is available for a purpose and there are no more restrictions on its use, then of course it will be used to the fullest!
- Retirement tweet, 26,000 PV at this point?
    - There was more news value in my own retirement than I thought.

- [[How to Create Social Relationship Capital]] (2018)
- > The "system I think would be good to have" I want to create is a "feedback loop" in which intangible capital accumulates with unexplored foundations as its core, and the gravitational pull of that capital attracts further capital.
- There is no need for the core to be an unexplored corp.

18:00 Finished because I am already tired.

I got wrinkled after two hours of relaxing in the bathtub.
- I saw [[Siege Axe]] right up to where Mr. Sugai comes out.
- I haven't shaved my head in a long time.
    - It's a hassle and they'll be back in a few days.
    - Watching cartoons while shrieking is not boring.

- [[Diary 2025-05-12]] ←Diary 2025-05-13 → [[Diary 2025-05-14]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2025-02-02]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-05-13]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-05-13](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-05-13) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.