---
title: "Diary 2022-05-18"
---

- I am considering whether to introduce a [[Diary page]] type of [[side of well]] here or in the [[Scrapbox Group]] of unexplored juniors.
In the meantime, I created the diary page manually before adding the automated script.

Many things are exciting.
- A relative's wedding that was over the weekend.
    - TRPG [[microscope]] newly started on [[side of well]].
- Nota Tech Conf
    - [/nota-techconf](https://scrapbox.io/nota-techconf)
- KJ method study group meeting
    - This was another interesting and [[off-the-cuff]] creation!
        - [[Draft addition to "Group Formation Requires a Change of Mindset"]]

I'd like to organize the experimentation on an unnamed project that I've been doing for a while now, which has produced a lot of interesting things.

I was asked to appear in a video on another matter, and I sent my profile, but I wasn't sure whether to write in the URL field something that just puts HTML over HTTP on my domain, or here.
The former has not been updated too much.
This one is newer, but I don't think the configuration is friendly to first-time flyers.
- The landing page should not be a list of cards if you are flying in from your profile.

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2022-05-18](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2022-05-18) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.