---
title: "Diary 2024-08-03"
---


Slept a lot (woke up at 10:00)



Some people have interpreted my actions over the past month or so as "trying to reduce the power of certain political factions" and criticized me for doing so.
- I don't think it's properly understood.
- On the other hand, they don't seem to want to get it right on the other end.
- If there is no great loss in not being understood as my side in such a situation, then I don't have to pay the cost for me to be understood correctly, I suppose.
        - [[Don't persuade people you don't need to persuade.]]

Mr. Yasuno's candid opinion when he was consulted about running for office.
- > I'm not really interested in politics (=I'm not interested in which Homo sapiens some regional individuals choose as their boss monkey).

Subsequent Conversations
- > [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1804742097901137985) I asked #Takahiro Yasuno, "What would you think if, for example, another candidate used TTTC during the election?" I asked him "How would you feel if, for example, another candidate uses TTTC during the election?" and he immediately answered "It would be a good thing to promote digital democracy in Japan.

I have always had a tendency toward [[progressivism]], and I consider it a [[crime against civilization]] to impede the progress of civilization.
    - [[Snowball rolls and gets bigger.]] There is a predisposition for [[exponential growth]] like that.
        - [[Parable of the New Combination and the Surface of the Water]], with a difference in the surface of the water.
        - Do it when you have the ability to make a hole or widen a hole for yourself in the situation.
        - Do it the way you think it will work.
            - [[effective altruism]]

They don't care about the existing forces that would be disadvantaged by that progress.
- We are not trying to "reduce the power" of those people.
- They are driving the progress of civilization.
- The "disadvantaged existing forces" simply haven't adapted to the changing environment.
- It is normal for some existing forces to decline when the environment changes.
- I may help those who ask for help, but I'm not going to help those who denounce me.
    - [[It is inefficient to antagonize the hostile.]]
- If you want to adapt to a change in environment, you'd better be friendly.
    - Well, since you've sent a hostile message to me, you've already made me much less of a priority for friendly relations.
    - It's like the character in [[Civilization]] who suddenly declares war on an unknown tribe he meets.
    - He may be attacking that existing force because he thinks it's good for them, but it may be having the opposite effect.
        - Given that, the [[no disparagement of other camps]] policy was well done.

- [[Exponential growth over the pass]]

- [[Diary 2024-08-02]] ← Diary 2024-08-03 → [[Diary 2024-08-04]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-04-25]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-08-03]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-08-03](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-08-03) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.