---
title: "Diary 2025-08-01"
---


- I wrote a lot of [Think of society as a human computation
- I went on to the end and talked through it at an internal study session.

- [[techno-communitarianism]]
- The Plurality book first builds a tower with a bang, and then various people explain that "this aspect of the tower is related to this that I have been thinking about," so the multifaceted description develops in an independent and decentralized manner, which itself is rather the embodiment of Plurality's philosophy, and it's a nice touch.
- [[Edo Culture]]
        - [[Edo culture to save "a new tyranny and AI-dominated society"?]]
        - [[Edo, Editorial Engineering and Plurality Toward a Society Open to Diversity]]
    - I've been involved with Plurality as a Japanese person, but I didn't think it would be connected to this place, which I find interesting.
- I see a connection between these "[[Discovering Connections]]" and "Connection as first-class objects".
    - I used to call Scrapbox [[stock of associations]], but that means treating [[suggestions]] as [first-class objects
    - Traditionally, the page was the first class object, not the link
        - Scrapbox made the link a first-class target.
            - Not only that, but links now connect N pages instead of one to one.
            - This is a [[hypergraph]], and it has something in common with the worldview of [[intersecting groups]], in which societies are formed by the interconnection of [[groups of people]], as described in the Plurality book.

        - > [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1951301097349693516) I once wrote that Scrapbox is a stock of associations. That is, it treats associations as first-class objects.
        - >  Traditionally, pages were first-class objects and links were not; Scrapbox makes links first-class objects.
        - > [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1951302049955504425) Cosense (Scrapbox) is a kind of Wiki, but the experience is very different from a Wikipedia-like Wiki, and a straightforward explanation of what it is Cosense is a kind of Wiki, but the experience is very different from that of a Wikipedia-like Wiki.
        - >  (I'm not saying that a straightforward explanation is easy for everyone to understand.)
        - [[In Cosense, links are first-class objects]].
            - [[A straightforward explanation is not easy for everyone to understand.]]
- [[Cosense is Plurality-like]]

- [[Diary 2025-07-31]] ←Diary 2025-08-01 → [[Diary 2025-08-02]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2025-04-23]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-08-01]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-08-01](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-08-01) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.