---
title: "Diary 2023-08-31"
---

- [[Sleeping oracle 2023-08-31]]
- [[Questions encourage verbalization, but there are different kinds of questions.]]

With AIs now reading AI notes from other branches as well, they may be interfering with each other and rapidly converging their perspectives.
- The cognitive burden for humans is decreasing.
    - Maybe I'm just used to it.
- What's the point of making lots of branches?
    - Need to be able to automatically adjust behavior according to human capacity, need to be able to make too much without worrying about making too much and causing harm
- But to begin with, it's not as if we need to develop every day.
    - Is it still [[Spaced Repetition update]]?
    - It's not whether it's been updated or not.
    - Items that have been itemized but have no particular development, no particular need for acceleration.
    - If your style is to judge by the availability of updates, that's going to be a top priority, too.

- [[Introduction to ENCHI]]
- [[Clarification of AI's role is important.]]
- [[What is the role of AI in this project?]]
enchi findings
- Because it contains different versions of the manuscript, a vector search hits it, and since it is almost identical, it becomes "These fragments do not seem to contain any new perspectives or information".
    - [[Do you need 🤖MMR?]]



- [[Diary 2023-08-30]] ←Diary 2023-08-31 → [[Diary 2023-09-01]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-05-23]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-08-31]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-08-31](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-08-31) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.