---
title: "Diary 2023-05-13"
---


Don't be afraid to write in a language you are familiar with.
- Writing what is not written is a job only humans can do.
- Translating what is written is a job that machines can do.
- The former is more valuable.

If a forum has only comments written in English from the beginning, it is not Plurality-like
- Having people of different languages is "diversity in the here and now."

I wrote [[native language]] and changed it to [[mother tongue]] and then I thought, "No, it doesn't even matter if it's my mother or not," and then I changed it to [[language I'm familiar with]].


When there is a world that is not covered by the existing state power, what kind of society will be created there?


Artificial language with a uniquely fixed interpretation
At some point in time, the majority of people in society "who have communicated their thoughts in an artificial language that can be uniquely interpreted" will become the majority.
That act is called "programming."
In Japan, it is mandatory from 2020.


ChatGPT Plugin came to many people
- Momentum is building for the release of a "vector search plug-in for Scrapbox in Nishio."

- [[Diary 2023-05-12]] ←Diary 2023-05-13 → [[Diary 2023-05-14]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-02-02]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-05-13]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-05-13](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-05-13) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.