---
title: "Diary 2023-12-27"
---


Yesterday I did a big cleanup.
- As of the day before yesterday, the translation by GPT was finished and I had to check it, but I forgot to do it.

Today's schedule is a [[good luck pilgrimage]].
- Explanation of the Kosei Pilgrimage, prepared for you.

You may be feeling like you're not there yet, but you should be ready for LT.

Programming is the process of verbalizing what to think, expressing and communicating it in the language used by the other party, checking to see if it was well conveyed, correcting the expression, and finally getting the other party to think instead. The "other party" is usually a computer, not a human being, and until the advent of ChatGPT in 2022, the "language used by the other party" was programming language.

A proposal to translate one abrupt phrase a day into English and throw it to Bluesky, such as
- By thinking you have to find one, it gives you a chance to express something in English.
- If you can't find a story, you could use this Scrapbox random display.

[[The Evolution of Programming: From Code to Conversation]]


[[VALL-E X]]

- [[Ability to generate knowledge as needed]]
[[Difference between Common Goods and Public Goods]]

- [[Diary 2023-12-26]] ←Diary 2023-12-27 → [[Diary 2023-12-28]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-09-18]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-12-27]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-12-27](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-12-27) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.