---
title: "Diary 2024-08-24"
---


[[Unexplored Junior Summer Camp 2024]]

This year I stayed the night before because I was worried about my fitness.



- [[Arbitrariness of symbols is a plasticity that humans have outside the brain]]

I've been trying to explain why people who are interested in increasing intellectual productivity are interested in digital democracy, like "[[broad listening is]] cognitive enhancement" and "[[even when AI governs, people must define their own happiness]]", but this tweet makes me feel like I'm getting the pieces.
My concern is to increase intellectual productivity, and in doing so, to do so only within "one individual homo sapiens" is an unnecessary constraint based on assumptions

The KJ method is a technique for thinking outside the individual brain by moving fragments of thoughts out of the brain in the form of sticky notes and manipulating their "meaning handles" (symbols), which are one size larger than the word sticky note. Scrapbox/Cosense also puts thought fragments outside the brain in the form of pages and manipulates the network of thoughts by means of an arbitrary symbol called "title" ([[Stock of associations]]), and thanks to Scrapbox's [[External Links]], links can now be formed between the "external brain" of different people through this "arbitrary symbol". Once good thought fragments are produced, they are replicated and reproduced in a memetic way.

An organization is another structure in which multiple people think beyond the boundaries of individuals. When considering the design of an organization that generates innovation, the "company" structure, which was invented before computers and has continued to be used conventionally, does not seem appropriate. In designing a mechanism, a network formed by individuals belonging to multiple organizations, rather than a group of organizations, may be important ([[Human Network Formation System]]), it may be appropriate for the organization side to generate and disappear frequently ([[Need a human resource enrichment algorithm]]), and it may be appropriate for the "Blended Learning System" ([[Blended Learning System]]) to be used as a mechanism for innovation. The emergence of LLM has brought about changes in organizational structure ([[Changes in organizational structure brought about by LLM]] )

This kind of "[[growth of]] intellectual production entities beyond the boundaries of homo sapiens" is what I really want to do, so it's natural that [[I can't wait to be interested in the well-being of the city's residents]]. It's also natural that I'm [[progressivism]].


- [[Diary 2024-08-23]] ←Diary 2024-08-24 → [[Diary 2024-08-25]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-05-16]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-08-24]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-08-24](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-08-24) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.