---
title: "Diary 2023-12-05"
---


- [[posthaven]]
- Tweet Archive
    - The number of RTs and Likes of others are included in the data, so it seems possible to pick up only those that have been talked about
    - Maybe we should create a "day by day page" because the context could be lost?
    - Do you want the tweets that got the most response to be on a separate page?
        - If the stories were connected, they would be in chunks.
        - I think some of them have already been clipped to Scrapbox.
                - [[May be duplicated]] I think I'll go the route.
        - When I thought about [[What would you do if you had a thousand people in your life?]], I thought I'd get some people to do the job of taking the good stuff from past Japanese Tweets and putting it into English for now.
- what is the purpose of englishization?
    - [[Thought-provoking material]]
    - Thinking in Japanese is boosted by the accumulation of thought material.
    - Inconvenient to have that booster disconnected when thinking in English.
- Uncovering past presentation materials
    - It's hard to do what's in Slideshare.
    - I converted to Scrapbox format with [[fromPDF]].

- [[Diary 2023-12-04]] ← Diary 2023-12-05 → [[Diary 2023-12-06]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-08-27]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-12-05]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-12-05](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-12-05) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.