---
title: "Diary 2023-04-24"
---


[Allocating research funds by referendum? - Considering the Possibility of Quadratic Voting｜Ryosuke Shibafuji (CEO, Academist Inc.)｜note](https://note.com/rshibato/n/nb3c32f0c607b)
- [[Quadratic Voting]]

[[MTG2023-04-24]]

> [nishio](https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1650389703051603968) A person who is willing to pay 10,000 yen for A to be chosen instead of B in a choice between A and B, not that he is willing to pay 10,000 yen per vote, but 10,000 yen in total. Since he/she is willing to pay 10,000 yen, the strength of his/her preference is 10 times stronger than that of a person who can only pay 100 yen, not 100 times stronger, which seems like a tautology.
- > [nishio](https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1650391143904071681) Oh, I forgot to mention that Quadratic Voting is when you get a cash vote.

Instructor often say "what were you doing today" and it is the most difficult question for me even if asked  in Japanese.
- I am doing what I want to do.
- One idea come up with me. How about to answer "today l learned〜"?
- Today I learned about quadratic voting, do you know?
    - It is new voting mechanism.

- In the first lesson, I did not use the textbook and disscussed about Quadratic Voting and Polis. It's nice practice oppotunity for me!
    - At least, I can speak the basic concept of QV and Polis.
- I should review the recording of the lesson.
    - Because we discussed all over the time, no note are taken.
- The goverment give 100 tokens for each person. The person can use those token for voting.
- X may be carried over to the next vote.
    - X can be carried over to the next vote.
    - Or "We can use the unused credit to the next vote"
    - It becomes like a currency.
    - Whether to make it possible to purchase X is a difficult question.
        - Whether to make it possible to purchase X is a difficult problem.
    - When I spend 100 credits, I'll get 10 votes. When I spend 1 credit, I'll get 1 vote. So even if I spend a lot of money, I can not buy so much voting power.
    - If you want to get 10 times as many votes, you have to pay 100 times as much.
    - However, the rich already have 100 times more money.
        - However, the rich already have 100 times more money.
    - Even if the issue was important to me, my financial resources are limited and I cannot buy enough votes
    - X reduces that risk, but does not eliminate it.
    - wealth gap
    - gigantic /d͡ʒaɪˈɡæntɪk/
    - We should pay for the vote with something other than monetary value.

- When the necessity comes


> [nishio](https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1650508490014617602) I'm listening back to recordings of my English discussions, and when I make a counterargument to something I disagree with my opponent about, and he understands it as a counterargument, it seems to me that I'm not following along. I think I'm having trouble keeping up with them because they are speaking at native speed and their sentences are getting bigger and bigger without gaps.
- > [nishio](https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1650508714451845120) In other words, I'm looking over this situation, and when I'm in this situation, I'm going to interact appropriately and say, "If you speak at that speed, we can't understand you. I wonder if it is necessary to give feedback and make them slow down.
- > [nishio](https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1650512794066866177) Sorry, too fast to understand! Or something.


memo
- to write about non-copyable value

- [[Diary 2023-04-23]] ← Diary 2023-04-24 → [[Diary 2023-04-25]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-01-14]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-04-24]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-04-24](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-04-24) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.