---
title: "Diary 2025-01-13"
---


Today is a national holiday

> [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1878344491729670542) I've found that wearing a [[hood worn by soldiers, students, etc. (e.g. during school or work)]] and sitting on a [[hot carpet]], I found that as a working person, wearing decent clothes and sitting on a right-angle chair in a dry, air-conditioned room for a long time is more strenuous than I thought...(and while lying on a hot carpet)...
- [[Wearable Blanket Pajamas]]

- [[What is not important follows the AI.]]

> [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1878539238020649105) The expression "cutting back" seems to assume the firing of people who are already employed, but the pattern is like "We used to hire 10 new graduates every year, but this year we're going to hire 9, and the amount for one is an AI assistant. There is also a pattern like "Let's try to make it an AI assistant". Well, AI assistants can be fired at any time without notice, so it will be "10 people + AI" at first.
>  >hrjn: I think the question of where to get the money to pay for the use of AI comes first...
>  For example, we usually don't try to improve the cost of a service that sells 100 million yen a year by raising the cost by several million yen.
>  Inevitably, there are two choices: cut back or contribute to new sales. It is going to be so-so hard to make this change in the cost structure.


> [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1878539898678018382) AI assistants that work at the same level of performance as humans "can be made to work 24/7 without getting pissed off by the labor department and can be fired without notice anytime the budget runs out." This should be more expensive than a human for the advantage of
>  >hrjn: I am skeptical that AI will be expensive, and if it is as expensive as humans, there will inevitably be a line where humans are fine, and innovation will be needed to make it about 1/10th the price of humans. I think it's about the same as devin's price.
> [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1878614367354437894) With equivalent wages on an hourly basis, it is calculated that we deserve to pay an AI that works 24 hours a day 3 times as much as a human who works 8 hours a day. Currently, companies are not able to take full advantage of this because they have not designed the work rotation based on the assumption that there are engineers working 24 hours a day. Eventually, people will say that DX in the form of "enabling AI agents to work at their full potential" will be necessary.


My throat is hurting from the dry air from the air conditioner and it's giving me zero zeros, so I'm going to take a long bath with a cup of tea or...

- [[Diary 2025-01-12]] ← Diary 2025-01-13 → [[Diary 2025-01-14]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-10-05]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-01-13]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-01-13](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-01-13) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.