---
title: "Diary 2025-08-16"
---


- [[Don't work in parallel while waiting for autonomous AI]]


Observing the two cases and feeling the difference.
- I would like to verbalize what the difference is.

Keywords.
- Information on closing doors
- Unexpected connection
- Barriers to Information Distribution
- Inequity in information dissemination

There are barriers to information distribution.
- Whether that is desirable or not, the current state of society
    - Various ties are unmovable.
    - Maybe even if there were no ties at all, there is a physical difference that occurs.
        - Inequity in information dissemination
        - I think the only fair means of communication that we can realistically take at present is to publish it on the Internet, but the attentions aren't even.
        - Lack of cognitive ability on the part of humans makes it physically unavoidable.
            - It is possible that in the future an AI secretary could tell you "this is what I recommend for you," but not yet at this time.
            - So it is important to have "someone to teach".
- If it's known that you're inside the boundaries, you can pass the Attention.
    - There is information that comes with an incidental condition that it should not be communicated to anyone who is not inside.
        - There's a lot of it in the world.
            - It's more like this.
                - but only those without ancillary conditions are observable outside the boundary, so the quantity is misinterpreted outside the boundary.
- What information is blocked by distribution barriers?
    - Some kind of "keep it to participants only" information
        - Maybe a YouTube Live exclusively for supporters of political parties.
    - Information on closing doors
            - [[There is no guarantee that the door that is open now will remain open in the future.]]
        - We're having this open call, what's the deadline?
        - Some opportunities not open to the public.
            - That opportunity is not always available.
            - [[Hurry when you have to hurry]]

    - Unexpected connection
        - I'm not sure how that one connects to that one.
        - Human networks are built in organizations with a diverse range of people that have survived over the long term.
                - [[credit limit]]

[https://chatgpt.com/c/68a0b2ef-b028-832d-a897-0bd4619dd547](https://chatgpt.com/c/68a0b2ef-b028-832d-a897-0bd4619dd547)


- [[Diary 2025-08-15]] ← Diary 2025-08-16 → [[Diary 2025-08-17]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2025-05-08]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-08-16]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-08-16](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-08-16) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.