---
title: "Diary 2025-03-25"
---

People who want to discuss
- A: People who want to get new and interesting things efficiently through discussion.
    - win-win
- B: People who want to feel smarter than their opponents by arguing and beating them
    - win-lose
People who don't want to discuss
- C: I dislike the composition of the argument in the first place, because if you argue, you usually lose.
- The pain of what you don't know
    - [https://x.com/tarokotani/status/1903423387902296451?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw](https://x.com/tarokotani/status/1903423387902296451?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw)

When B and B meet, it's a sterile struggle.
When A sees B, it is interesting while B is trying to win and gives a lot of information, and when B stops giving information, it is boring, so it leaves.
B is happy if he perceives A's leaving as worthwhile
- It's unfortunate if you feel disrespected and that you're not a worthy opponent for discussion.
    - To distract from that misfortune, I insist strongly that I won, because the misfortune interpretation is mitigated by the fact that others think "B won."
When B sees C, he is a good duck, so he goes full bore and expropriates him.
- C hates B
A can play to get information out of C, in which case C will be happy to have his story heard
- However, when C's experience is conventional, A leaves thinking that there is nothing to gain from C.


- [[Diary 2025-03-24]] ←Diary 2025-03-25 → [[Diary 2025-03-26]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-12-15]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-03-25]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-03-25](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-03-25) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.