---
title: "Diary 2023-05-03"
---


3:20
- I was sleepy around 2:00, but I was getting sleepy through and through (that kind of thing makes me sleep deprived, go to bed).

I have three interviews on the same day, but I just looked at the time frame and said, "It won't be a problem because we won't have any conflicts," and made two reservations at an English conversation school...
- [[The self that plans and the self that executes are two different things.]]
- You casually crammed my schedule just because you weren't the one taking the course...

It's not a question of time, but of [[sowthwa]].
- I can't help it if I'm sorely tempted.

- [[Science exposes our mediocrity.]]



:

```
whisper ~/Dropbox/GABA2023-05-02/Recordings/*.m4a --language English --mode  29659.06s user 15594.73s system 371% cpu 3:22:53.81 total
```

That's a lot of money.


Reading transcripts of English conversation on 5/2

[[kintone 2023-05-02]]
[[Mailwise 2023-05-02]]

A: Email can be inefficient for communication.
B: Slack has issues too, like managing channels and invites.
A: What makes your product unique?
B: It's similar to Slack, but with a different database. Notifications are still a challenge.
A: AI could help, but managing notifications remains difficult.


[[Notification flood 2023-05-02]]

[[Elon Musk and Sam Altman 2023-05-02]]

Q: what was happened between sam altman and elon musk
(Google)A: In December, Altman tweeted a complaint about how users of his A.I. tools were coaxing the technology to give racist and sexist responses and then being offended by it. To that, Musk, who opposes most policing of online content, responded that he is against any filters that would clean up ChatGPT's responses.
(DeepL)In December, Altman tweeted a complaint that users of his A.I. tool were uncomfortable with technology stiffing them into giving racist and sexist answers. In response, Mask, who opposes policing most online content, responded that he opposes any filter that would clean up ChatGPT responses.


- [[The people who spread the most lies are those with a strong sense of justice who can't tolerate lies.]]

- [[The simpler the tool, the easier it is to focus.]]

- [[I don't have the ability to communicate, so I do intellectual labor.]]

- [[Diary 2023-05-02]] ← Diary 2023-05-03 → [[Diary 2023-05-04]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-01-23]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-05-03]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-05-03](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-05-03) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.