---
title: "Diary 2025-08-08"
---


I might also imitate a Chinese person and give him an English name. Nishio: Like westfish Taihe.

I'll be [[Satisfactory Multiplayer]] tomorrow, so I'll have to switch my weekly journal and clean up early.

My "having fun doing fun" characteristic assumes that I am having fun doing fun and conveys the fun of it non-verbally.
- This same trait means that when you think it's boring, it communicates that you think it's boring.
    - Especially when you're talking to someone and you think they're boring, it's as telling as directly saying, "Your story is boring.
        - I think this is [[why I am not a good politician]].
    - The same thing works the same way for [[people who compensate for their decreased self-esteem with other things]], and they get the message, "You act like you're worth it, but I don't see the value in that," so they get hurt on their own and start seeing me, the person who hurt them, as the enemy.
        - This composition itself is already recognized as "[[a]] natural phenomenon that I am tired of seeing" and "[[a]] commonplace natural phenomenon.
        - Related: [[Parable of the Summer Cicadas]].
    - The perception is, "Oh, what a bunch of unimportant people talking about unimportant things."
        - When this is conveyed in the atmosphere, "It's not like it doesn't matter!" and cite outside authorities to argue that
            - This is already the root of "I don't give a shit" here.
            - People with high self-esteem decide whether they are "worthy" or "unimportant" according to their own values.
            - "I think this is really funny. "That's interesting!" is a good pattern
            - Bringing in an outside authority figure to respond to "no, I don't really see the fun in it" doesn't make it any funnier.
                - Instead, it just gets worse and worse.
                - At first it was just "that topic isn't interesting," but there was room for other interesting stories.
                - but the act of sticking to that "uninteresting story" makes "people themselves uninteresting".
                    - Behavior that is perceived as damaging to self-esteem is counterproductive.

I closed too many open browsers.

- [[Diary 2025-08-07]] ←Diary 2025-08-08 → [[Diary 2025-08-09]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2025-04-30]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-08-08]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-08-08](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-08-08) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.