---
title: "Diary 2024-08-29"
---


Maybe you should switch up your weekly journal.
- I did: [[Weekly journal 2024-08-29~2024-09-07]].

12:00 mtg.

It is one thing to be able to logically arm oneself that a series of actions is justified, and it is another thing to know why a series of actions was started and why it is continuing.
- I don't disagree with the logic part, and if you want to do it, go ahead.
- I'm simply curious as to what on earth would have triggered that mode of operation.
- but not enough to invest the time to find out about it.

> [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1828970046280065047) If you think about what can be done to seriously stop "[[bad language contentization]]", what's being done now would be one of the effective actions!
>  I'm against the contentization of bad language.

Clarify whether you agree or disagree with X.
- I associate with [[friends and enemies]].
- I'm not saying that's what I'm doing, so I'll leave it at that because it complicates the conversation.

Apple Watch "Next Appointment" Driven

- I read [[Semiotic Elucidation of the Emptiness View]] and then [[From Wittgenstein to Ryuju]].

- [[Diary 2024-08-28]] ←Diary 2024-08-29 → [[Diary 2024-08-30]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-05-21]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-08-29]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-08-29](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-08-29) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.