---
title: "Diary 2023-09-19"
---


- [[Consideration of Englishization by AI]] Continue reading

I've put it down as a thought has developed, but I don't have the time to do it.
    - Preparation of [Kumano Kodo → Nagoya Institute of Technology 2023-09-24~28
- Two 4-hour sessions per week [[Matsuo Lab Summer School 2023 Large-Scale Language Models]].
    - The next one starts at 2pm.

Is there a way to narrow down the search by LLM?
- Solve identification problems focusing on "whether it is likely to need to be referred to in the future"?
- Conversations with low density are not included in the default search, but instead a summary sentence is generated and included in the search.


- [[Knowledge acquisition: the importance of joint attention]]

- [[Enhance the summarization capabilities of Scrapbox users]]

- [[Polis Explanatory Video]]
- I was able to do it!

Polis flushed the cache in my head.
from 9/15
task
    - [[Cross-sectional Vector Search]]
        - [[Talk about putting books in Scrapbox.]]
        - [[Individual and aggregated loops]]
- Correspondence between lecture material and questions
    - 🍅I'll just do that because I'll lose track of what I'm answering verbally in the lecture when the video is gone.
    - [[Consideration of Englishization by AI]]
- [[Azure Cognitive Search]]
- [[fine-tuning]] I'm curious, but it's not a priority.

FINE-TUNING, the more I learn, the lower priority I should give it now,


- [[Diary 2023-09-18]] ← Diary 2023-09-19 → [[Diary 2023-09-20]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-06-11]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-09-19]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-09-19](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-09-19) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.