---
title: "Diary 2023-04-26"
---

Today, due to heavy rain, I switched my booked lesson to online mode. The mode didn't exist before.

In the online mode, the instructor takes note in digital way.
- Some good, some bad.
- The handwriting is never unreadable.
- Some people have trouble typing on a keyboard.
- Transcribing is easy because the written notes are digital.
- There is a problem with multiple locations being saved.
    - If I don't put it all together, it's going to be like, "I'm sure I took the course, but I don't have my notes on some days.
- For some reason, there's a viewing deadline.
- I've been reading over my notes.

notebook
I have been living in Tokyo for 20 years.
Which company do you ship your product WITH?
Where do you usually store your finished products?
Who is selling your products for you? (resellers)
Who are you selling your products to? (End users)
Gourmet - high class food , usually more expensive
It will be easy if it is really your company
Yes, our company is doing not so bad. We are currently the second biggest distributor of fruit juices in Japan.
How long has your company been using this facility?

Common ground<-- something that 2 (or more) parties can agree on.
"Both parties can find common ground about xyz issue"

intensely= vehemently (vee-he-ment-lee)<-- with great strength or passion
intense argument
bitter argument
diatribe<-- strong verbal attack

advertisement (noun)<-- some object or some production that advertises something. Commercials, billboards, posters, etc.<-- advertisement
advertising (verb)<-- the act of marketing or creating advertisements

retirement home/retirement community<--- place where older people live

Sorry, I can't help but disagree<-- more polite way to say I disagree
What about.... XYZ?
What if we tried XYZ instead?
I see what you mean/ I understand where you are coming from. But, what do you think about XYZ?

Target demographic<-- properties of the target group
Hit the nail on the head

What is/ Which is the bigger market for your product-- men or women?

disposable income<-- amount of money we can spend on unimportant things
proxy<-- a person or party that does something for you indirectly. Advertisement by proxy<--


- [[Diary 2023-04-25]] ← Diary 2023-04-26 → [[Diary 2023-04-27]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-01-16]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-04-26]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-04-26](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-04-26) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.