---
title: "Diary 2022-09-02"
---


I've been thinking about doing it, but I'm getting busy, so I'm going to write here about a task that I'm going to lower my priority [[The Someday List]].
- How to create a customization for [Meteor Client
- Create a server plugin for Spigot.
- Update Keichobot and Motivation System
        - [[Motivation Systems and Lean Startup]]
        - I have users who have been using it for 10 years.
        - We should interview users.
    - [[Kozaneba2022-08-19]]
        - Using Keichobot to create exploratory net-like net-like structures
            - [[I would like to think about a non-chat form of Keichobot]]
    - [History of 2b2t.town from the Nishio perspective
    - I want to summarize because it's interesting that after this, the fourth kingdom appeared and concluded in a tripartite way.
- solution of a riddle
    - I bought it at [[TokiToki]].
- Have Rubens paint A Dog of Flanders.
- Stable Diffusion's mechanism for listing generated images
- Putting an express mode on Stable Diffusion image generation
    - The implementation of BREAK has made it possible to do this operationally.
- It would be nice if the same mechanism could be used for changing parameters and img2img and so on.

- [[Diary 2022-09-01]] ← Diary 2022-09-02 → [[Diary 2022-09-03]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2022-05-25]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2021-09-02]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2022-09-02](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2022-09-02) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.