---
title: "Diary 2023-05-07"
---


> [ylecun](https://twitter.com/ylecun/status/1654869781734883331) If you are worried about "AI causing mass unemployment" listen to economists who have studied the impact of technological revolutions on the labor market, like @erikbryn .
>  DO NOT listen to computer scientists who are concerned by the social consequences of their work.
>  If you are worried that "AI is causing mass unemployment" listen to economists like @erikbryn who are studying the impact of the technological revolution on the labor market.
>  Don't listen to computer scientists who are worried about the social implications of their work.


I've been reviewing things I've tried to communicate in English and didn't get across properly in Anki. For example, I've written over 10,000 pages, a seemingly simple phrase, and what I get wrong is that I forget to make it a past participle.

Which of the following is better?
- No, because the grammar is wrong.
- It's OK because it's communicated.

There are various styles of expression, whether to use case or if for "when we got too many posts." The example solution is When we got too many posts, but it is difficult to know what to do when other expressions are used


[https://twitter.com/chrisrytting/status/1654510511319572482?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw](https://twitter.com/chrisrytting/status/1654510511319572482?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw)
Study shows that GPT makes better conversations by suggesting paraphrases before statements are sent.


Is it correct to say, "If you stay away from things you don't understand, you'll be safe?"
- Ideas from a time when danger was natural and had no personality.
- Take it so thin that people who don't know better don't notice it and collect it from those who do know better.


[[openness bias]].
- Do we make something that serves one purpose or something that could be used for a variety of purposes?
- Is it "make what you want to make" or "make what sells"?
- It's going to come down to this.

- [[The gap between "self-directed learners" and "expected learners" cannot be bridged.]]

It's been raining hard all day and I haven't been able to complete my weekly 100,000 steps mission for Pikmin Bloom and I'm not motivated to do it.
I got a haircut.
23:30

Well, I went to an English conversation school every day during Golden Week and practically only rested on Saturdays and Sundays, so it's okay to be lazy on the last rainy Sunday.

I'm trying to review on Anki, but for some reason I just can't bring myself to do it at all.

0:12
- Well, I think it's time to get some sleep for the rest of the day.


- [[Diary 2023-05-06]] ←Diary 2023-05-07 → [[Diary 2023-05-08]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-01-27]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-05-07]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-05-07](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-05-07) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.