---
title: "Diary 2024-11-17"
---


- [[Write company activity 2024-11-17]] additions will be done on Monday because it's work.

Switching between the weekly journal and
I'll do a reminder of what [[mem.nhiro.org]] says about the situation.
There's also a feeling that the automatic English translations might have stopped.

- [[2024-11-17 external brain thinking]]


Why aren't you at the Code for Japan Summit where Audrey and Yasuno-san are coming?
- I wondered why.
- I just didn't feel a particular [[need]] to go, but then why didn't I feel the need, what did I feel the need for and what didn't?
[Projects with deadlines and participation in events that are physically bound by a specific date and time forcefully increase [[the density of life]].
- On the other hand, we're driven by deadlines and events, so there are tasks that get passed by saying, "I think we should do this, but we can't afford [[it]] right now."
- Should I dilute it when it gets thick enough?
- What is "[[dense enough]]?"
    - 2024-11-24 [[Better off investing in a new S-curve.]] and felt it was relevant
And then there's the possibility of subconsciously seeking "[[Diversity of Experience]]."
- Once you gain some experience of a certain type, [[typer]] is better off with another type of experience than with more of that type of experience.
- This seems to be what leads to "dense enough."
- But that doesn't mean we're making all the decisions in Taipa.
- It's not like I'm looking for some kind of performance to play the game.
    - It matches the angle of "diversity of experience."
    - There can be learning after the fact: [[What games have influenced your life?]]

- [[Diary 2024-11-16]] ← Diary 2024-11-17 → [[Diary 2024-11-18]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-08-09]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-11-17]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-11-17](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-11-17) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.