---
title: "Diary 2024-07-30"
---


TODO
- First, set up a review system.
    - Would it be nice to be able to read it on an iPad? I have train travel.
    - I can read it, I can read it, I can read it
- ✅Ayasuno's video is available for public viewing.
    - [[Broad listening in practice]]
- ✅Answer questions about the lecture
        - [[Plurality in Japan(Japanese)]]

Organize your own notes on your own page first.
- [[Meetup with Audrey & Glen]]
    - [/plurality-japanese/Meetup with Audrey & Glen](https://scrapbox.io/plurality-japanese/Meetup with Audrey & Glen)
- [[WIRED UNIVERSITY × Miraikan]]
- [[Glen+JAPANCHOICE]]
    - [[special weekly note]]
    - [[FtCTokyo Day1]] complemented from Togetter.

Friday In-House Study Session
    - [[Plurality in Japan (Cybozu Labs)]]

- [[Sources of Legitimacy]]

- In response to [[Proposal to allow minors to participate in politics]], someone said, "This is not a good idea.
- I asked him how it wasn't good, and he said, "I think it's good, but some people think it's not good."
- This means actions that try to control the behavior of others by "air" without giving specific people
    - [[controlled by air]].
- Why you thought that would work for me is a mystery.
    - When society is transformed, there are naturally people who oppose it.
    - So "being there" is not informative.
- If you're going to negotiate, you could do it a little better.
    - If an organization that I am only volunteering with puts the brakes on me living my life the way I want to live it, it's natural for me to say, "Oh, I guess I'll quit then.
    - When I point out that fact, they say, "It's not a good idea to bring up the option of quitting when things don't go your way."

- [[Diary 2024-07-29]] ←Diary 2024-07-30 → [[Diary 2024-07-31]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2024-04-21]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-07-30]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-07-30](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-07-30) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.