---
title: "Diary 2025-08-02"
---


- Complete [Think of society as a human computation


- [[process of sentence development]]
- I think you are not only "writing what you want to write," but also "gathering an overwhelming amount of facts and creating a story from them.
    - It's a little different than having something to write about and supporting it with facts.
    - What was "originally intended to be written" is only tentative and subject to change
- This is [[Jiro Kawakita]]-esque.
    - The first story I was going to write was just a plan for exploration.
    - Discover things you didn't know at first by actually exploring
    - What you think about after you know is better than what you initially planned
    - So the original plan is scrapped.
    - However, endless discarding will not complete the writing forever, so make the best of what you have, and be open to future criticism.
        - I'm not afraid of getting too much criticism for what I write, I think it's useful.
            - [[Cumulative effect of ideas]]
            - [[Social Triggers]]

- The cost of collecting facts is now much lower.
    - It used to be that you'd look it up first and then realize, "This could be used to describe the relationship between A and B."
    - Now, if I think, "Oh, I'm missing a description of the relationship between A and B," I can have AI collect that.
    - Example: [[Taiwan's Digital Democracy and Ethereum]].


[[Futarchy]]

I'm lazy with the feeling that I need to write.
- I think I was going to attend, I realized after the meeting was over.
- It's bad enough that they didn't schedule it at the time they knew about it in the first place.

Split tasks
- Write a story about the IIDOBATA system
- Write a response to the assumed question "Can money decide things?" after the forecasted market.
    - Depends on the theme.

- Letting the Algorithm Do Its Thing
    - It's outrageous to leave governance to an AI."
        - If you don't leave 0% to AI, it's a misconception as if you leave 100% to AI.
        - In fact, there are areas of social systems that are better automated by algorithms.
        - Thinking of social systems not vaguely as a single lump, but rather as subdivided and specific.
            - For example, referring to the concept of separation of powers and dividing it into legislative, judicial, and executive
            - To establish rules, to determine whether the rules are being followed, and to implement them according to the rules.
            - Wouldn't it be better to automate the administration, which is given a set of rules and executes them, with an algorithm?


I have to go outside to get lunch, but it's too hot and I don't feel like doing it.

When it came time to go to the convenience store, I wanted something gutsy like garlic rice and sanzokuyaki.

I want to be perceived as interesting by interesting people.
Will you join the engineering team that an organization is trying to create?
- No, I don't intend to."
- 'My current company gives me enough pay and discretion so I don't have to eat into their coffers.'
- So you're involved in an advisory capacity?
- I think I'd be involved, but whether or not it was a good idea to get a formal title wasn't answered at the time.
    - I'm starting to feel like I don't have to have it.
    - I don't think there's any benefit to having it.
    - There is a disadvantage, if you are formally a member of an organization, people who want to demean the organization will attack you like "Nishio, a member of the organization, said this".
    - It's more in the form of "I exchange ideas with you from time to time, but I'm not from your organization."
- What is the lack of benefit of having, and what is
    - The buffs you get from it don't really lead to what you want to get.
    - Of course, there will be some sort of recognition from people who didn't appreciate me before, and some sort of new communication will occur, but I don't really appreciate that.
        - Maybe this should be evaluated, in terms of barbell strategy.
        - But I'm not too excited.
    - What is it that you want to gain?
        - →Want to be recognized as interesting by interesting people.

- [[Diary 2025-08-01]] ← Diary 2025-08-02 → [[Diary 2025-08-03]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2025-04-24]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-08-02]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-08-02](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-08-02) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.