---
title: "Diary 2023-10-15"
---


Consider the relationship between "[[I must rest on my day off.]]" and "[Stressful when free time exceeds 5 hours.


Maintain your own intellectual production space.
- Switching Weekly Journal
        - I keep playing [[flood of tsunamis]] and I can't remember a week ago.
    - [[Private-omni improvements]]


- [[Book data loading]]
- Twice I got "[[Not an Image]]" and both times a reboot solved the problem.
- Test in ipython
    - You don't have to reboot, just run it again.
- Previous Discussion
    - from [/villagepump/2023/09/23](https://scrapbox.io/villagepump/2023/09/23)
        - Hmmm, Gyazo returns "Not an Image" at a low rate (twice so far).
            - This keeps happening even if you retry after 1 second, so you wonder if the image was not generated in the previous step? You think, right?
            - Restarting the upload script does not reproduce (2 out of 2 times)
            - There is some low-frequency problem in the simple path of reading and uploading local image files.
- If it's "OK to run it again without rebooting" or "it keeps going on even if you retry after 1 second," then there's a chance it's OK if you extend the interval.
    - Try 30 seconds.
    - →It didn't work.
- Because of Gyazo's quota limitation, the rest of the experiment will be done tomorrow.
- Tags: [[fromPDF]] [[PDF to Scrapbox]]


- [[Mystery Figure]]

[[rerank interpretation]].

- [[Diary 2023-10-14]] ← Diary 2023-10-15 → [[Diary 2023-10-16]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-07-07]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-10-15]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-10-15](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-10-15) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.