---
title: "Diary 2024-02-22"
---


- [[Don't think you're "better at it" just because you're better at it than the majority.]]

from [/villagepump/2024/02/22](https://scrapbox.io/villagepump/2024/02/22)
- I'm not sure if I'm too good at certain tasks or if it's just the weather today, but my mind is a mess.
    - (Progress since we have started)
    - Instances of own Polis and EC2 were left alive.
        - I'm too bad at this kind of thing because I just noticed the other day that a GCP instance was still alive and I had to stop it.
        - Here's a reminder that the unexplored Junior Micra server is still being billed even though there's no sign of it being used at all.
            - I keep remembering, putting it off, forgetting.
                - This is not something to do now.
    - The service is probably alive, but the SSL certificate expires in 3 months.
        - Next action is to RENEW SSL certificate.
        - Where is it working?
        - Where is the nhiro.org server? (From there)
    - I got a bill from Sakura Internet on 1/10 and an email saying payment failed and I had to pay by 1/31.
        - I got an email on 2/12 that my service was being suspended because I didn't pay it.
        - Maybe this.
        - nhiro.org is no longer accessible in the first place, I hadn't noticed.
    - Sakura Internet to offer instant credit card payment
        - Failure.
            - Why...
            - I go to my credit card statement and nothing in particular is shown (Rakuten).
            - I'll get another credit card or...
            - VIEW Suica Card...
                - If I settle my account with this, the expense will arrive on my statement so I don't forget to include it in my expenses when I file my tax return later.
                - No, I completely forgot about the tax return in the first place.
                - Bullshit, I didn't forget, I just pretended I didn't.
    - The box I was trying not to look at opened all at once and my head popped up 🤯.
- And I'll write this much and let ChatGPT do something about it...
- Re-register your current main credit card.
    - Error, details unknown, unable to register a new Rakuten card to Sakura itself.
    - Register VIEW Suica
        - Error indicating that the procedure was interrupted
    - Log in again and try again from entering the card number.
        - I was able to register.
    - Immediate payment again by changing the payment credit card.
        - Failed to process payment
    - What does that mean? Does it mean that the only way to get the money is by bank transfer?
        - Transferred.
            - But I guess that's it for today anyway.
- We've made a step forward by starting the project, so the result is all right...
- I'm about to take a step toward shutting down the micra server, open the Discord, see an update on another matter, and suddenly I'm distracted.
    - I posted that I'm going to close it for now.
- Begin to improve Plural Viewpoints
    - I gave all 🍅 a pass.
    - 🍅 parameters to change the display.
    - It probably works, so let's deploy it!

- [[Diary 2024-02-21]] ← Diary 2024-02-22 → [[Diary 2024-02-23]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-11-14]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2023-02-22]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2024-02-22](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2024-02-22) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.