---
title: "Diary 2023-12-13"
---


By the way, do you have any helpful notes on your thoughts on MOBILITY? While we have fairly close interests and agree that mobility is an important key, there are probably differences in the concepts we refer to by the term mobility. Focusing on this difference will help us understand and describe in greater detail and with higher resolution to our concerns.

By the way, do you have any notes that could be a reference for your thoughts on mobility? We have quite a close interest, and also agree that mobility is an important key, but there must be differences in the concept we refer to with the word 'mobility'. Focusing on these differences will help us understand our interests in more detail and describe them with higher resolution.



> (Gisele) I wish we can use words/text way to connect some ideas to the mandarin and Japanese contexts, it would be really great if we can do that!

I completely agree. I am a fan of a Wiki system called Scrapbox and am creating a network of knowledge in Japanese. I am thinking about whether it is possible to create a knowledge network that transcends language barriers by translating this into English, or conversely, by machine translating the Plurality Book, written in English and Mandarin, into Japanese and placing it on Scrapbox. These are my current ongoing challenges. Although we are reluctantly using English as a common language for communication now, it is preferable for each person to be able to think in their own proficient language. You might be aware of the discussion on "Languages" in the chapter on "Plural Thinking" of "WHY I AM A PLURALIST".

I totally agree with you. I am a fan of the Scrapbox wiki system and have created a knowledge network in Japanese. I am wondering if it is possible to create a knowledge network that transcends language barriers by translating it into English, or conversely, by machine translating the Plurality Book written in English and [[Mandarin]] into Japanese and placing it on Scrapbox. This is my ongoing challenge. Right now we use English as a common language for communication by choice, but it is preferable that each person can think in his or her own language. You are probably familiar with the discussion of Languages in the Plural Thinking chapter of [WHY I AM A PLURALIST


- [[Information deficit due to translation leaves room for new ideas.]]


The act of nomadic peoples transferring resources to others because they cannot store them may not be a transfer, but an exchange for "[[reputation]]," a resource that has no weight. It could also be called social capital.

I think your note that "[[preservation]]" is easier in the age of digital goods is important. That is a different environmental constraint than exchange mode A at the dawn of civilization.

- 沒有物理的距離] regarding [[mobility]] is important: nomads give because they want to be free from the constraints of physical gravity, and we can transfer goods without the constraints of physical gravity.

Someone argued that the behavior of people acting out different identities in VR space was a "desire to [[transferring from one world to another]]. The characteristics of the human body were physically possessed by humans and could not be let go of. In VR space, this can be let go and exchanged for something else.
    - [[VRChat is a reincarnation of another world]]

The act of nomads giving away resources they can't store might be considered an exchange not of material goods, but of 'reputation,' a resource that carries no weight. It could also be seen as social capital.

I think your note that profitable 'storage' has become easier in the era of digital goods is significant. This is a different environmental constraint from the This is a different environmental constraint from the exchange style A in the dawn of civilization.

The concept of 沒有物理的距離 'no physical distance' in terms of mobility is crucial. Nomads gave gifts to free themselves from physical gravity constraints, and we can transfer goods without the constraints of physical gravity.

Someone discussed the behavior of people playing different identities in VR spaces as a 'desire for reincarnation in a different world'. In VR spaces, this changes, allowing them to be let go and exchanged for something else.

"Fusei Religion, "Dorishin"" interesting, it was translated into Japanese "sympathy"


Your note made my understanding better as well. It seems to me that even though one can gain reputation and appreciation through the gift of physical goods, it does not go so far as "[the dharma-body (mind, body and spirit)". Here is another important change. It seems to me that "compassion" has to do with [[social capital]] and [[trust savings]] that one can draw on in the future when one is in trouble.

In Japan, a close emotional bond between people is called [[bonds (between people)]], which originally meant a cord holding animals together. I thought of this when I saw the sentence that gift-giving strengthened the bonds between people, but it also strengthened the power of the group to bind the individual.

The idea that there was a restoration of the exchange style A among Jews who lost their physical state B is very interesting. I would like to hear what the Jews have to say about this.

Regarding Shakyamuni. I am also interested in the history of Buddhism, so I did some research. It seems that the movement to deify Shakyamuni occurred about 500 years after his death.

- [[Diary 2023-12-12]] ← Diary 2023-12-13 → [[Diary 2023-12-14]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-09-04]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-12-13]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-12-13](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-12-13) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.