---
title: "Diary 2023-05-27"
---


The theory is not that they are not [[social]], but that they just have poor control of their [[social battery]] outflow.
- The theory that some types of people are recharged by socializing
- [[Social battery over-discharge]]

[[Social Hack Day #50]]

- [[Hideyoshi's return to China (Oct. 27, 1592)]]

What is a moderate travel speed?
- What is the right amount of load?
- So now we're at the "not too much, but a little too much" pace.
    - Ignoring English conversation.
    - That's where the buffer is.
    - Worst-case scenario, you just incur a financial loss.
- Why do you think it's a bit much?
    - I haven't gotten around to updating my weekly journal.
    - I'm in the right frame of mind.
    - There are two patterns.
        - I don't even think about the weekly journal.
        - I think about the weekly journal, but I can't spend time working on organizing it.
    - In the former case, they say, "It's for two weeks."
    - In short, if nothing else, you're heading for an event that's going to generate another input before you even have time to organize it, where you'd use the time to "organize" it now if nothing else.
        - [[Zeigarnik effect]] Then?
    - It's a [[double-goal]] of writing and organizing my brain.
        - [[sense of anxiety]]
    - [[task fights for handle]].
    - You're not going to make it today anyway.
    - Which way to spend your Sundays.
        - It's things like this that take a toll on the psyche.
        - But "which to do" is a false choice between the two.
            - You'll do both.
        - First, write down the information in your brain about writing at this point on a blank page
        - Open Kozaneba
        - Put in what you haven't put in yet.
        - The manuscript takes precedence over the weekly journal, because I can delay the weekly journal, but I'm sorry if I delay the manuscript.
    - [The task of "arriving at a place you've never been by a certain time" is burdensome to begin with.



Shape the contour with many lines
Image of drawing
- However, this is the image that I, as a non-painter, have of drawing, and I am sure painters would say "that's not so".
When you draw something you can't see, you can't depict it with a clear outline as if you were taking a photograph from the beginning.
Draw a few lines first, then you'll get the idea.
- Take a pencil and draw a number of thin lines and perimeters.

Is "what you don't see" important?
- When you paint what you see, you're talking about "look hard."
Same when describing unknown concepts in words.

People who draw suddenly with a pen
loss of composition
- The details add up, but the big picture is out of whack.



- [[Diary 2023-05-26]] ←Diary 2023-05-27 → [[Diary 2023-05-28]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-02-16]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-05-27]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-05-27](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-05-27) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.