---
title: "Diary 2023-09-02"
---

- [[Qualitative transformation of the learning process: reading, writing, thinking]]

- [[Eventually, you won't be able to see it.]]
- [[Activities to be shaved are difficult to see]], unless there is a before and an after.
    - Related: [[Trial and error is hard to see...]].

- [[The act of reading was already two ways.]]

- [[one must see with one's own eyes]]

- [[Extending the Red Link with AI]] is useful so that multiple runs can be performed at once.


- [[Difference in skin feel between vector search and RAG]]

- [[Hitting part of a series that has not been carved out provides an opportunity for carving out]]

Have them summarize their weekly journal.

- [[Communication costs jump in microteams.]]


Who said anything to the effect that "[[Performance is subjective, not objective]]"?

Related:.
    - [[The masses only understand flashy achievements.]]


- [[telomere destruction problem]]

I think it would be better to add the addition below.

- [[I'm tempted to comment when they cut it out.]]

- [[Too fine a division]]

In explaining the advantages of [[Extending the Red Link with AI]] to people who are not familiar with Scrapbox, I thought it would be necessary to explain [[red link]] in the first place, so I had AI generate it, and it seemed like a good idea.
- I tried [[convergent move]] as well, but it's not good.

Even if you're giving me a URL to read, the prompt says "in my research" because it's "your research notes".
- In the first place, since this usage is no longer [[Recurrent Notes]] or anything else, should we separate the script and the prompt?


- [[Multi-head thinking]]

- [[Pages that sometimes emerge]]
- [[Diary 2023-09-01]] ← Diary 2023-09-02 → [[Diary 2023-09-03]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-05-25]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-09-02]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-09-02](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-09-02) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.