---
title: "Diary 2025-07-27"
---


- [[Pessimistic misconceptions about the unfamiliar]]

- [[Next Election]]

- [[Is it important to go far?]]

I think we should give more and more opportunities and references to those who want to learn, but what should we do with [[those who don't want to learn]]?
- I heard that in Taiwan there are some commentaries on ZKP for elementary school students.
- Japan's high [[literacy rate]] is lowering [social costs
    - Similarly, IT literacy lowers the cost of running a society when the overwhelming majority of people know the bare minimum.
    - Compulsory education is compulsory for parents, and parents have the power to enforce it on their kids, and as a result, most kids are learning to read.
    - The question is what to do with adults who are not IT literate at this time.

- Since we can't force them to learn, I think we have to create incentives to learn.
    - It's a world where those who learn more gain more and those who don't lose less.
    - Whether or not this is contrary to "[[leaving]] no one behind"
        - Personally, I don't think you left any behind.
        - Choosing to proactively lose money is a kind of [the right to execute a fool
    - It may be that some people will say, "That's inexcusable! But since the days of Fukuzawa Yukichi's [[encouragement of learning]], it is a matter of course that "those who don't learn lose money".
        - You can go on and on about increasing opportunities for people to realize that it's more beneficial to learn and to support those who want to learn.


from[/villagepump/2025/07/27](https://scrapbox.io/villagepump/2025/07/27)
- How to Rest the Spirit
    - What is rest in the first place?
    - (o3) Resting the spirit is the act of reducing stimulation, regulating the autonomic nervous system, and restoring attention resources. Rather than aiming for complete "nothingness," a shift from a state of high load to a state of low load is sufficient rest.
    - [[Why do men die alone?]]
- I don't feel like I'm resting at home, so once I'm inside, even though it's hot, I'm going to go outside and check out a little exhibit in the community.
    - Low Brain Strain Activities
    - Take a leisure sheet, eat lunch on the lawn, and come back.
- Grass park, all to yourself!
    - Try walking barefoot on the lawn.
    - Try drying Vibram in direct sunlight.
    - There's a soft carpet where the big tree is shaded during the day, but it's dying where it's in direct sunlight.
        - I tried to get water in plastic bottles at the water fountain and sprinkle it on the places where it was about to die, but it was too little.
        - Pour water on the feet and dry them with the wind.
    - Standing barefoot on concrete is too hot.
        - Shouldn't dogs be allowed to wear shoes?
- I came back about an hour later (1 to 2 pm).
    - The frozen Aquarius I bought at the convenience store didn't melt.
    - I quickly drank all the green tea I bought.
    - I had to go to the bathroom, so I came back.
- I took a book with me, but I didn't have time to read it.
    - On the other hand, it was a nice "reduced stimulation" and brain rest.
    - I was going to write "cool down," but it was hot w
        - It's like taking a bath.
        - Not sunbathing, not forest bathing, what?
        - [[Lawn park bathing]]
- Write down what you have to do, specify those that have deadlines, and do them in order of closeness.
    - 7/27 Switching weekly journal, reviewing Twitter, etc.
    - 7/30 dd2030 for feedback on the experience of the broadband AI.
    - 7/31 Manuscript deadline
    - 8/1 Presentation of in-house study session, beginning of new project


- [[Diary 2025-07-26]] ←Diary 2025-07-27 → [[Diary 2025-07-28]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2025-04-18]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2024-07-27]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2025-07-27](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2025-07-27) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.