---
title: "Diary 2023-10-08"
---


- After [[Matsuo Lab LLM Summer School Competition]] is over, let's modify [[Omoikane Embed]] a little so that the latest data in [[pluralitybook]] can be searched for vectors.
I'll try to make the checkboxes allow two different searches, "pluralitybook" and "include other things that might be related", and put anything and everything that might be related to the "things that might be related" one.
- And you might be able to find this one if you do a vector search: [https://twitter.com/0xtkgshn/status/1710826392613765133?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw](https://twitter.com/0xtkgshn/status/1710826392613765133?s=46&t=gkSZtjGEtUZPO0JCzBxCBw)

The right to ask questions
- [/villagepump/2023/10/08#652176af774b170000440db1](https://scrapbox.io/villagepump/2023/10/08#652176af774b170000440db1)


stretch
Habit of putting the right foot first when sitting in the lotus position.
At this point the thighs become flat.
In the lotus position, when the pelvis is tilted backward, the thighs are floating and unstable, and the pelvis tends to roll forward.
On the other hand, in the case of the stirrup, the legs are under the thighs, so there is no instability even if the pelvis is tilted backward.
Stretching sensation in the left hip when the upper body is tipped over with the back straight in the lotus position.
When I recross my legs, my right knee floats and I feel unstable.
When I put it on flat and roll my upper body over, I feel a stretch in my right hip.
This seems to be the same area when I get "right back pain" from walking a lot, etc.
In other words, due to the asymmetry of the full lotus position, only the left side of the body is being stretched.
Buttocks feel stretched even when sitting normally.

In the full lotus position with the right foot first, the head can touch the floor, but not with the left foot.

- [[Diary 2023-10-07]] ← Diary 2023-10-08 → [[Diary 2023-10-09]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-06-30]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-10-08]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-10-08](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-10-08) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.