---
title: "Diary 2023-10-02"
---


Woke up safely at 6:00 a.m!
Heading to Tsukuba

Food with good preservation potential is created.
food surplus
No need to labor to live.
soldier
military force
Sheltered by the military by offering them food.
If you don't give it to them, the army will destroy you.
interchange format B
Heavy stockpiling of food
Advantageous for settlement
Focusing on the mode of production, "the production efficiency of agriculture increased, making it more advantageous to settle down and farm than to be nomadic."
After settlement became a major option, trade became valuable.
Banks
Secure storage
More compact and lighter than food "bills"
Advantage to those who move among those who don't
Cities by Merchants
Destruction of membranes by those who are more convenient without them
Suppose you are a clerk at a convenience store, whether you are a celebrity, a powerful person, or a foreign tourist with a poor command of Japanese, if you pay 1000 yen, you sell 1000 yen worth of goods. People today may feel this as a matter of course, but it was not always the case.
An era in which trust in currency is more powerful than trust in individuals
A merchant who moves is a "stranger" in the eyes of those who settle
So this was more convenient.
Seemingly equal, but that's equality under the money scale.
If an old man who has contributed to the community for many years, has a good personality and is loved by everyone, and a foreigner with lots of money want a prime location in front of a train station, the one with more money wins.
This is a feeling that some people today may have negative feelings, but that there is a different one that is not measured in terms of money and from what those feelings come from.
- The problem is that there is no payment for the "credit" created by [pay-forward


Pattern of saying the same thing and the intent is the opposite.
Equality."
Equality" where those who have a lot distribute what they have to those who have less.
This is the intent to give
Equality" where those who don't have much try to share what those who have a lot have.
This is an intent to rob.

In fact, the robbery is already established by the system of the state.
A system in which a percentage of what is earned is collected as income tax.
If you don't pay, you'll be arrested for tax evasion.
I don't think I'm getting it.
Its distribution mechanism
Act to distribute more to yourself

As a matter of fact, this is being done too.
By the majority of the elderly who want their share of the health and welfare
X% of spending is distributed to health and welfare
Healthy people just don't enjoy it.


pension
unearned income system
It was assumed that the population would grow.
sponge scheme
Ultimately, it's worth converting your current cash to life term money.
Not worth 0, but not 100 either.
Temporarily over 100 was a population growth bonus.
The state is less susceptible to questions of continuity than individuals or private companies.

Yamabushi can become a Yamabushi in three years.
[http://yamabusi.gozaru.jp/1bosyuu.html](http://yamabusi.gozaru.jp/1bosyuu.html)


You can't find yourself by looking for yourself.
Finding what you are not, finding the boundary between self and others.

Go where common sense doesn't prevail.
raise one's antenna
- Learning from Everyday Life

survey
ritual
- [[Humans continue pointless procedures.]]
Monkey Vibes


Ritual Reversal
being contrary is not funny
- [[Can you spot innovative talent in advance?]]

Is it possible to drink alcohol in the main hall?
traditional Buddhism
- opposition
- What's tradition?
    - At the time of Mahayana Buddhism, from the perspective of Theravada Buddhism, the tradition is destroyed.
A tradition since when?
    - [[Traditionally our territory]]
let's have a drink of prajna-yu

I couldn't jot down thoughts because my iPhone didn't have battery power.
I was going to go home and write it down, but it never came out.
I don't know if I've forgotten that or if I'm just too sleepy right now.
At 23:00 on a day when you woke up at 6:00 and climbed a mountain, you'd be sleepy anyway.
lie down
Shibuya in 8 hours tomorrow.

- [[Diary 2023-10-01]] ← Diary 2023-10-02 → [[Diary 2023-10-03]]
100 days ago [[Diary 2023-06-24]].
1 year ago [[Diary 2022-10-02]].
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/日記2023-10-02](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/日記2023-10-02) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.