---
title: "Factorio was created to get around the limitations of the Minecraft industrialization mod"
---

from  [[automation game]]
[[Factorio]] was created to circumvent the limitations of the [[Minecraft]][industrialization mod
[https://www.reddit.com/r/nerdcubed/comments/2c9rh7/comment/cjdtffh/?onetap_auto=true&one_tap=true](https://www.reddit.com/r/nerdcubed/comments/2c9rh7/comment/cjdtffh/?onetap_auto=true&one_tap=true)
> Hello, I'm the Factorio founder, and this is the answer to all of the people comparing Factorio with modded Minecraft. I would like to make clear, that I never ever tried to hide the fact, that Modded minecraft, mainly buildcraft/industrialcraft, was huge inspiration to create Factorio. In fact, before even the idea to create my own game came to my mind, I started to make my own (private) changes to these minecraft mods. I loved and enjoyed these mods A LOT and saw a big potential in the automation game, but I wanted to grab the subject and implement it my way. I wanted to be able to avoid the limitations of the Minecraft engine, so there can be huge factories with hundreds of thousands of items on transport belts while keeping smooth gameplay and without the need to think about activated/passive chunks. I wanted to have some other survival challenge than surviving the first night, that is somehow compatible with the industrialisation progress. I wanted to make it more about strategy, planning and timing than about a lot of hard work. I wanted it to have more variable logistics possibilities. I wanted to implement lot of good concepts from other games, as well as some of my own ideas. I wanted it to be all balanced and carved to work as a whole, because once the count of mods you use in minecraft (or any other game) starts to rise, the overall balance usually suffers a lot. Wasn't Minecraft created because Notch saw some concept in different game that he just wanted to do right? Factorio is the same thing I believe. I would also encourage anyone who plays Factorio (and has a lot of time to spare) to try the Minecraft industrial mods, so he can compare these two things and understand better what I'm trying to achieve.
Hello, I am the founder of Factorio and this is my answer to all those comparing Factorio to modded Minecraft. To be clear, I never tried to hide the fact that modded Minecraft, mainly buildcraft/industrialcraft, was a big inspiration to create Factorio. In fact, I started making my own (private) changes to these Minecraftmods before the idea of creating my own game even crossed my mind. I love and enjoy these mods and saw great potential in automated games, but I wanted to grab this theme and implement it my way... I wanted to get around the limitations of the Minecraft engine so I could maintain smooth gameplay and keep the activation/ I wanted to be able to build a huge factory with hundreds of thousands of items in the transport belt without having to think about passive chunks. Besides surviving the first night, we wanted a survival challenge that was somehow compatible with the progress of industrialization. We wanted the work to be more about strategy, planning, and timing than hard work. We wanted to have more diverse logistical possibilities. I wanted to incorporate good concepts from other games and my own ideas, because when the number of mods used in Minecraft (or any other game) starts to grow, the overall balance is usually greatly compromised, and I wanted to carve it out so that everything is balanced and works as a whole. Minecraft was created because Notch found a concept they wanted to do right in another game, and I think Factorio is no different. I would also encourage anyone who plays Factorio (and has the time to spare) to try the industrial mod for Minecraft to compare these two things and get a better understanding of what I am trying to accomplish.


---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/FactorioはMinecraft工業化MODの制限を回避するために生まれた](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/FactorioはMinecraft工業化MODの制限を回避するために生まれた) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.