---
title: "Mailwise 2023-05-02"
---

English conversation lesson on [[Mailwise]]
- B: We made software to manage customer emails, Mailwise. Especially when multiple colleagues are responsible for responding, we need to manage the status and share the information between colleagues.
- A: I remember the problem you just described where different team members may be responding to one customer, and sometimes maybe someone forgets to click reply or they don't include someone in the copy. So the person can't really follow the conversation, and everyone becomes confused. This used to happen a lot, especially in the oil field services company I used to work for.
- B: Okay.
- A: We provided support services to oil drilling companies, and these companies usually have their procurement team sourcing different items from many companies.
- B: Sorry, I couldn't understand the word procurement.
- A: Procurement means buying. It's the official formal way of saying buying something for a company.
- B: I see. So, you mean they are buying items from a lot of companies?
- A: Yes. Sometimes because the sourcing company needs things as soon as possible, when your colleagues are replying, they may forget to click reply. Multiple people replied, some people get out of the conversation, and you couldn't really follow everything logically in a coherent manner. I think one of your main markets for this particular item should be for people who are into procurement and sourcing.
- B: Yeah. Okay. I think email is not an efficient way to communicate.
- A: It is.

(DeepL)
- B: We have created a software program, Mailwise, to manage your emails. We need to manage status and share information among colleagues, especially when multiple colleagues are responsible for correspondence.
- A: We had the problem you just described: sometimes different team members would respond to one customer. Then that person would lose the flow of the conversation and everyone would get confused. This was especially common at the oilfield service company I used to work for.
- B: Okay.
- A: We provided support services to oil drilling companies, and these companies typically have procurement teams that source a variety of items from many different companies.
- B: Sorry, I didn't understand the word procurement.
- A: Procurement means to buy. It's the official, formal way of saying buy something for the company.
- B: I see. So you buy products from many companies?
- A: Yes, that's right. Sometimes you forget to click reply when a colleague is replying because the procurer needs things as soon as possible. You had multiple people replying, some of whom would get lost in the conversation, and you couldn't follow up in a logical and coherent way. I think one of the main markets for this item should be those involved in procurement and sourcing.
- B: Yes, I agree. I don't think e-mail is an efficient means of communication.
- A: That's right.


---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/Mailwise 2023-05-02](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/Mailwise 2023-05-02) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.