---
title: "Memo 20180125."
---

- By limiting the number of characters, [[Twitter]] made it impossible to write long sentences and lowered the psychological cost of information dissemination.
- [[Scrapbox]] does not restrict, but encourages rough drafts such as bullet points.
    - It is important to lower the psychological cost to increase the flow rate of [[information transmission]].
- Technical knowledge undergoes [[obsolescence]], and StackOverflow has made it possible to discard outdated knowledge by introducing [[down vote]].
    - A ship that has sailed a long voyage washes the shells off the bottom, or she will lose speed and maneuverability. Otherwise, speed is reduced and maneuverability is lost" ([[Drucker.]] "[[Management in Turbulent Times]]") # even if
- In [[Incremental Reading]], fragments are presented in an interval repetition method; a post on Twitter is presented after a time delay, depending on the actions of others; on Facebook, one's own post from a year ago is presented; on Scrapbox, a post with the same link is presented; on Twitter, a post from a year ago is presented; on Scrapbox, a post from a year ago is presented; on Facebook, a post from a year ago is presented. Scrapbox presents the same links.
- Scrapbox is easy because the cost of my writing is low, and the cost of my reading it back is not too bad, but I seem to get lost when reading what others have written. I wonder if the "literacy" of reading things written in this type of format has not yet developed in the human race.

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/メモ20180125](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/メモ20180125) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.