---
title: "MTG2023-04-24"
---

background
    - Researcher at [Cybozu
    - Simply put, a tool that can be implemented in companies and municipalities to enable conversations around data.
    - In North America, [[kintone]] is probably more famous than the name Cybozu.
- [[Plurality]] is also beneficial for corporate use
    - The crypto aspect of Plurality is heavily weighted toward [[distributed ID]], but distributed ID is not necessary when considering enterprise use
        - Distributed ID technology is designed to take care of cases where there is no trusted ID issuer
        - It's the same in the corporate world, and many people in Japan today don't see the need for distributed ID as a personal matter.
    - On the other hand, [[broad listening]] is a solution to a problem that many companies want to solve
        - Increasing exposure to [[Polis]]-like things will increase people's literacy.
        - It would be nice if these systems were readily available.
        - Early adopter-like companies, departments and small communities will adopt it and spread it at the grassroots.

Where did you get the [[VESS Card]]?
- [[ETH Tokyo]] is not participating.
    - I only joined [[Plurality Tokyo]] at the invitation of [[tkgshn]].
    - I had no idea about the [[crypto]] aspect of [[Plurality]].
    - [I was writing about how nice and interesting it was when [[mitou-meikan/Haruyuki Seki]] gave it to me.
- Didn't you have a wallet address?
    - There were. Several trusted friends told me that I should definitely experience [[STEPN]], and I made it at that time.

Try it.
- Maybe it's just because it's [[DApps]], but I feel uneasy about the poor response time after the wallet is connected.
    - When I issued a connection with Mr. Seki, I had to retry twice on the spot.
    - I retried because I trust Seki-san, but in a business card exchange situation with someone I don't particularly trust, I might not have tied up my wallet in the first place.
    - Concept of [Wallet
        - If you know it as a "wallet," you might ask, "Why do I need to tie it to my wallet?" would be
        - When I heard about [[SoulBound Token]] at [[Plurality Tokyo]], I understood that it is not just a "wallet" but can be an expression of personal identity.
        - This understanding is still not very widespread in the world.
- Skills and unit price in my profile? Why not register your
    - I feel no incentive to register.
    - For example, I can write Python, but I don't see the value in writing "I can write Python.
        - I don't take jobs that say, "Write Python."
        - Sidenote: For those with revenue from [[crowdsourcing]] or [[gig economy]] contexts, there may be an incentive to increase that revenue.
            - I personally am currently earning enough money to live on [[membership-based employment]], so I have no incentive to do additional small work to earn money.
- What kind of things would you write in your profile?
    - For example, if you work on a project with someone you are connected to on VESS.
        - May participate in collaborative projects that do not involve the transfer of money
            - The information in [[cooperation]] has a much deeper meaning than "I just know you, we connected in a business card exchange kind of way.
            - With that in mind, I created the Mitou Meikan[/mitou-meikan](https://scrapbox.io/mitou-meikan).
                - People discovered through the IPA Exploratory Project may subsequently collaborate with others.
                    - [/mitou-meikan/backstage of the project co-created by the Unexplored Super Creator](https://scrapbox.io/mitou-meikan/backstage of the project co-created by the Unexplored Super Creator).
                - This kind of information is very useful and needs to be recorded
                - When the information stored exceeds a critical mass, people who need the information will refer to the information store, creating an incentive to update the information placed in the information store.
            - This is a wiki-style system, operating in a sexually benevolent manner.
                - For this reason, the number of people who can edit is limited by approval and we are short-staffed.
            - I think it's a good future for [[VESS]] to become a [[verifiable credentials]]-like [[work history]] infrastructure.
                - I think [[visualization of collaboration]] will make teamwork in the world better.
    - Sometimes they're creating digital public goods without the expectation of monetary compensation.
        - Recently, I translated [[Plurality Tokyo Keynote from Audrey Tang]] and provided it under CC0 after the management asked me if I could use it.
        - I have time and money to spare, so I have provided them free of charge, but I think it would be better for the social system to visualize such actions as contributors' achievements, and for them to be retroactively funded.


---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/MTG2023-04-24](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/MTG2023-04-24) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.