---
title: "Regroup20191202"
---

- Do we need [[tag]] in the first place?
    - In the absence of digital writing materials, the only low-cost way to edit information was to "put it on a piece of paper and move it around"!
        - As for writing, the cost of erasing was high because there was no Undo
        - A piece of paper can be moved and if it doesn't work, it can be Undo'd instantly.
- The [[outline processor]] was a tool that made it possible to "move" in a way that was not a two-dimensional spatial arrangement.
    - Two dimensions: up/down and indentation direction, but the degree of freedom in the indentation direction is implicitly restricted.

-----
- I've been talking about an app that can also take handwritten notes, which I was working on this summer, but judging from Mr. Kurashita's reaction to Mr. Yuki's prototype, I think there may be a need for users with just the handwriting part without the sticky note part.
- I used a whiteboard at a certain place in a hurry, but the pens were lousy and I was far from some people's seats. This feature may work well for sharing handwritten notes without having to install anything.
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/nishiohirokazu/posts/10219978632232684)
-----
- Forget about sticky notes for once and think about smooth output of information.
    - [[handwritten illustration]], [[keyboard]], [[flick]], [[voice input]]
    - [[I don't think about where to put it at first.]] 、 [[Output and then think about it.]]
- Likewise, it is not a good design to make people think "is it a sticky note or not?" from the beginning, long or short, you should first [You can throw it in without thinking.
    - I guess the default should be [[Notes tied to the vision]] when you think about it.
    - [[Voice recording while illustrating]] should also be tied to that [[field of vision]].
- When do I want [[tag]]?
    - For example.
        - Reading books,
        - When you see unorganized but potentially valuable dialogue logs from others or yourself,
        - Unorganized idea notes for books, lectures, etc.
    - First of all, there is a lot of unorganized information, and when you want to organize it, you want to move each fragment.
    - Even with today's handwriting tools, it can be done with two steps: lasso it and move on,
    - So when you want to focus more on moving, you want to fix the unit of movement.
        - Sometimes you want to move in batches, so "fix the smallest unit of movement."
- Extracting smaller units from larger units, like underlining or excerpting from a document, is done
    - Scrapbox's new page destroys the original document, but I want a new item linked to the original document.
    - Scrapbox's outliner-like behavior is rather good, it would be nice if some of its tree could be extracted without destroying the original.
- For example, if I submit a large file (PDF, video, external link), is that also tied to the view?
    - Is it small enough to string together?
- When an item is dragged on the screen, not only is the location updated, but the field of view when the item is updated may accompany that update.
- If you log not just the movement but also the field of view, you can share the organizing process itself by dragging items.
        - The process itself must be shared to [[grant (a person) a degree of karma]] # process sharing
- I don't know what it means because I do [[share only final deliverables]] using the KJ method.
- I have a view that I write down like this, and then I convert it to sticky notes and organize it.
- Every item should have an edit linked to it
- In the process of rearranging what you have written, you may want to rewrite it or split it up.
    - That should be one click away.
- Is this post long enough to be broken up by line breaks?
- Line break button is there, but not used.
- No need to limit it, it's good to be able to break lines and indent.
- It is up to the user to use it for [1D writing style
    - [[User freedom is important.]] Restricting it only makes it harder to use.
- It would be nice to have a share button with field of view information.
    - I hope the QR code comes up full screen on the share button.
    - Screen aspect ratio varies from user to user, should be displayed in a field of view where the entire screen of the sharer is visible
        - Humans have difficulty noticing off-screen edits
            - Better to have a mechanism to make people aware.
            - The maps in the game are well done.
- If all the editing history is kept, there's less need to fear free editing.
    - If we can freeze it on the rare occasion of an editing war, that's all we need.
    - We can also freeze the shares that we don't allow to be edited.
    - In other words, the three categories of "those who can only see", "those who can edit", and "those who can freeze".
- Why I use Facebook instead of Scrapbox for this kind of writing?
    - After writing it, I reprinted it in Scrapbox to organize it.
    - Why not write in Scrapbox from the beginning?
    - What is [[itemization]]?
        - What determines whether or not to [[indentation]]?
    - Some people want the same hierarchy to be parallel, while this is clearly too strong a constraint.
    - Some people think it should be readable if the same hierarchy is readable if the child elements are ignored, another too strong constraint.
    - It can be organized after the fact to have those characteristics, but not at first, of course.
    - So this is a means of expressing "relationships not yet verbalized" similar to the proximity of the KJ method!
    - I'm not sure there's a way to describe a verbalized relationship in bullet points.
        - That's just a tree.
        - Can't annotate unless it's like an AND/OR tree.


[[Regroup]]

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/Regroup20191202](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/Regroup20191202) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.