---
title: 'Sacrifice and Service" in Inazo Nitobe''s Theory of Education'
---

[Sacrifice and Service" in Inazo Nitobe's Theory of Education
> Sacrifice and Service" as the educational philosophy of Inazo Nitobe, the first president of Tokyo Women's University, is inseparably linked to his theory and practice of character education, in which women are regarded as individuals. The two S's (acronym for Service and Sacrifice) advocated by Nitobe have guided the lives of students and graduates from the time of the school's founding to the present day, not only as the design of the school's insignia, but also as an actual way of life. Nitobe's theory of education is not only fundamentally different from good-wife and wise-mother education, but also differs from the "education for the home" based on Katherine Beecher's "Theory of the Female Domain," which was widely accepted in American society in the late 19th century as a theory of women's education, and from the "education for the Kingdom of God" advocated by the Women's Overseas Mission Bureau of mainline Protestant groups. It was a unique theory of women's education that differed from the "women's education for the family" advocated by Catherine Beecher and the "women's education for the kingdom of God" advocated by the Women's Overseas Mission Bureau of the Protestant mainline. Nitobe's spirit of "sacrifice and service," which was modeled on the life of Christ and described as "the spirit of Christianity," is unique in that it links "devotion" to God and "service" to family, society, and nation by the role of "sorrow. His theory of education expressed in the three S's, while seeming to go against the grain of modern society, seems to be a necessary and effective educational theory for turning the grief-stricken Japanese society after the 2011 earthquake into a society filled with empathy.


---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/新渡戸稲造の教育論における「犠牲と奉仕」](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/新渡戸稲造の教育論における「犠牲と奉仕」) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.