---
title: "Simon bamboo (Pleioblastus simonii)"
---

- [[Science Fiction Setting]]
[[bamboo]].

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485973389177409541) If there is a world tree, there can be a world bamboo.
>
>  But I fantasize that perhaps the land where it grows is almost invaded by bamboo, and also that inside the world bamboo would be a huge labyrinth, and that around it, bamboo elves should be building a city on bamboo and building a one-generation nation.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485974685980704773) Underground, the Bamboo Dwarves have built a huge underground city by constructing tunnels along the underground stem with bamboo. The Bamboo Elves and the Bamboo Dwarves are constantly at each other's throats because of their mutual need for the World Bamboo, but they are willing to stand together against any threat that crawls out of the labyrinth inside the World Bamboo.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485975253507784706) In addition, the Bamboo Panda is revered as the sacred beast that dominates the wilderness of the World Bamboo. Birds of prey and other birds, flying insects, gliding mammals, dragon species, and their subspecies are in fierce competition with each other for survival in the sky above the world bamboo.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485977428279574529) Recently, it is said that mint people who believe in "the breath of God" from the outside have begun to inhabit the area, and their religion and mint are gradually growing in power. It is said that the Mint people, who believe in the "breath of God" from outside, have recently come to inhabit the area and are gradually expanding their influence through religion and mint. In addition, the "Kuzu Tribe," an armed force that has also crossed the sea, has planted kuzu trees in the invaded lands and begun an invasion in an attempt to gain supremacy in the Bamboo World.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485978225155395587) Furthermore, in the surrounding waters, the "Wakame Pirates," a band of armed merchant vessels that make men and women alike grow their hair long In addition, in the surrounding waters, "Wakame Pirates", a group of armed merchant vessels of both sexes, are attacking ports on the coast of Bamboo World in an attempt to gain control of the area. Ports under their control are said to be decorated with wakame seaweed, their mark.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485979230001590284) Although the joint struggle between Bamboo Elves and Bamboo Dwarfs has been enough to confront these threats, it is said that not even the gods can predict when this power balance will be upset. It is said that not even God can predict when this balance of power will be upset. A recent major incident, the "Global Bamboo Firecracker Project," a plot that could have half-collapsed a Bamboo Elf city, was narrowly prevented by the adventurers.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485985039645306881) However, some Bamboo Elf nobles and Bamboo Dwarf extremists are secretly in league with foreign powers elsewhere, and there are many who have forgotten their role in protecting the world bamboo and are trying to serve their own interests. There are not a few who have forgotten their role to protect the World Bamboo and are trying to serve their own interests. Under these circumstances, there is talk of the resurrection of the Demon King sealed away in the depths of the World Bamboo Labyrinth, and opinions on how to deal with this are split down the middle.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485988469357039626) The sheer number of other forces is making it impossible for the Bamboo Elves and Bamboo Dwarves, who are not that numerous, to defend themselves against the combined forces of the other forces, This is where the adventurers, who have broken up the previous plot, come in handy. There are many ways for adventurers to work, such as serving as mercenaries, defending bases, exterminating monsters in labyrinths, and preventing the resurrection of the Demon King.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485989949292036096) The king of the Bamboo Elves and the previous hero, "O Bamboo Hunter," is not prejudiced against adventurers of any race and welcomes them with open arms. This is a prophecy of the Demon King's resurrection. This is because some adventurers were quick to recognize the plans of the "breath of God" Minto extremists who attempted to fulfill the ominous prophecy of the Demon King's resurrection, "The Flowering of the World Bamboo," with their own magical formula.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485991476920487938) Also, the Great Mother of Bamboo Dwarfs underground, the "Takenemori's Woman," is upset and approves of the adventurers' success, unlike the hard-headed elders who hate newcomers. She is upset. This is because adventurers have protected their adorable granddaughters from kidnapping by the Kuzu tribe. She is also the one who set up the adventurers' organization and supports them in their official work.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485992312128020481) Adventurers are often a small number of human races who originally lived in seclusion, stragglers who did not fit into the privileged race consciousness of Bamboo Elves and Bamboo Dwarves Many adventurers are also strangers who come from outside. The oddball "Bamboo Ants," an intelligent tribe living in the bamboo labyrinth, have also become active adventurers. They are now indispensable.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485996832727904256) Bamboo Ants may look like giant ant monsters, but they have their own language and culture, and are a more mentally calm species than they appear. They have two role differences: the noble species, which is particularly good at thinking and dexterous with its hands, and the laborious species, which is physically strong and sturdy, unfazed by anything. They are well versed in the labyrinths within the bamboo and are ideal for exploration and guidance.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486008190563385350) The surroundings and interior of the world bamboo are remnants of an ancient golden kingdom that once flourished, especially in the various parts of the golden world bamboo that have grown since ancient times, with ruins on the outside and inside. The higher up you go, the more privileged the people were. The higher up you go, the more you find a group of ruins where the privileged class used to live, and many people search for them, dreaming of making a fortune. However, ancient monsters and guardians roam the ruins.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486008991511908355) Basically, they live in villages built on small (but large enough to be dwellings) young world bamboo. The name of the village is often a combination of the direction seen from the golden world bamboo sitting in the center and the characteristics of the bamboo in which they live, and is also the name of the family. However, there are also many wanderers living in the wild who cannot live in such bamboos.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486015539080462336) Some people live in tenements made of smaller world bamboos that have died and fallen down along the way and are processed elsewhere. Such dwellings are often found in areas where bamboo does not grow well, and are provided as inexpensive housing, especially for the poor. Bamboo elves, however, consider such dwellings as bad luck and abhor them.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486181159679983616) There is also an underground space below the Bamboo Dwarf region in the Subterranean Stem Zone. It is a huge space area that was created when the ancient Golden Kingdom sank in the Last War, where the descendants of the ancient kingdom people and intelligent life forms that have fused with parasitic mushrooms have formed a nation and are living in secret. They abhor the bamboo that covered the continent after the cataclysm.

> The Mush Mountain, a mountain of gods and goddesses that existed during the time of the ancient Golden Kingdom, is the sacred place of their belief. The people on the ground fear them as a dangerous group that worships the Demon King. In reality, however, they hate the Demon King the most.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486195277610778628) In their folklore, they have been training themselves in their long underground lives, determined to defeat the giant evil entity that has stolen the sky from the Golden Kingdom. They are fierce warriors who must not be carelessly attacked. This is a common sense that is taught to all adventurers at an early stage of their careers.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486201353513091072) However, they are hypersensitive to light and rarely go above ground. Rarely, some of them seem to have developed some tolerance to light, and some of them are active as adventurers. They are friends with the only Bambooant, and can be seen living in Bambooant villages as bouncers. Bamboo Ants call them "Zingasa.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486202375287492615) Most of the materials used in the Bamboo World for daily necessities and armaments are bamboo from giant species such as the world bamboo, whose strength is comparable to that of metal, but it is not difficult to process. The strength of bamboo is comparable to that of metal, yet it is not difficult to process. The better the bamboo, the more expensive it is, so inexpensive daily necessities are usually made of small or dead bamboo. Even so, it is strong enough.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486203040470532100) It is common knowledge that the common equipment of adventurers is made of bamboo, from weapons to armor, and that the materials used are also made of bamboo. It is even said to be common knowledge that everything from weapons to armor is made of bamboo. Metal products are also available, but they are less easily processed and are more precious than bamboo, so they are often avoided. Only Bamboo Dwarfs have the technology to process metal.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486204766179192837) worldBamboo itself absorbs metals from underground and grows strong, so such bamboo is many times more than ordinary bamboo material. Bamboo elves, bamboo dwarves, and bamboo antes are skilled in the art of finding bamboo materials that contain these precious metals, and they often have an assortment of household items and weapons made from them, and are wealthy.

> The bamboo is divided into three ranks of materials: the copper-colored normal bamboo, which grows poorly, withers, and is inexpensive; the silver mirror-colored bamboo, which has a luster and a magical effect similar to that of a mirror; the golden-colored precious bamboo, which surpasses metal in its suppleness and sturdiness; and the pure white silver-colored bamboo, which is made by a special process known only to bamboo dwarves. The higher the bamboo rank, the more powerful it becomes as an armament.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486207966844157953) Bamboo Ant and Bamboo Dwarf artisans are especially skilled at making armor, while Bamboo Elves are skilled at making household items and ornaments, as well as teas and medicines made from bamboo and its leaves. Bamboo elves are skilled in the processing of household goods and ornaments, as well as teas and medicines made from bamboo and its leaves. People are skilled in the production of paper using bamboo fibers, and it is no exaggeration to say that world bamboo provides daily sustenance for the inhabitants of the Bamboo World.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486275471918923780) Weapons made of bamboo are as durable as those made of metal. They do not rust and are lightweight, making them easy to handle. Even though bamboo material is the lowest grade of copper, it is attractive to adventurers because they can obtain and handle it stably. It is also lightweight, so it can be used as a spare weapon. Another advantage is the ability to make your own weapons for emergencies if you have enough training.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486284628524945409) Bamboo Elf's basic equipment is a bamboo bow and arrow, bamboo spear, and bamboo knife. Basically, materials other than bamboo are suppressed as much as possible to maintain light weight and decorate the appearance beautifully. Bamboo dwarves combine other rock and metal materials around bamboo materials to make heavier weapons. Therefore, it is frowned upon as aesthetically pleasing to the Bamboo Elves, but it is more powerful.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486285807224705025) There is also lightweight bamboo armor made of bamboo fiber cloth and small pieces of bamboo woven over it. Of course, it is also possible to make full-body armor by attaching additional pieces of split bamboo as armor to provide additional protection against slashes, thrusts, and blows. Bamboo dwarves wear additional animal skins to cover the gaps. However, it smells bad.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486287655759654913) In addition, water bottles made of bamboo are convenient and versatile, not only for portable drinking water, but also for holding medicine and packing preserved food. The aroma of bamboo is especially good. They are a very useful gem for adventurers. Bamboo dwarves fill them with highly explosive chemicals to make them into firecracker tubes, but the bamboo elves abhor this as a barbaric act against bamboo.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486289190291898370) Although the Bamboo City is the privileged domain of the Bamboo Elves, its architectural landscape is composed almost exclusively of bamboo, with silver mirror bamboo in silver material colors and precious gold bamboo in gold material. The city's architectural landscape is composed almost exclusively of bamboo. Although simple, its beauty is reminiscent of heavenly mythology, and on rainy or foggy days, it looks fantastic. However, there is a threat from the sky, so there is a giant bamboo projector for defense.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486291440217243648) Especially against dragon species that fly around in the sky above the world bamboo and attack cities on the bamboo, the giant world bamboo spear "Gungtake" is quite effective, which is made of gold-class world bamboo and is specially designed for ejection. Gungtake" is quite effective. Half-breed dragons and their subspecies can easily break through the proud scales of the spear and be pierced by the blow. However, once used, it takes a long time to reload, making it difficult to fire in rapid succession.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486293156979408900) The world bamboo underground stem is the domain of Bamboo Dwarf. There are trolley bamboo paths with bamboo rails in the tunnels along the underground stem, and they carry you through the vast underground for a fee. However, the underground is not a relaxing journey because of the appearance of giant insects that devour the underground stems. Also, the route often changes with the growth of the bamboo.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486293805779525644) The bamboo trail map is renewed daily, although the main locations change little. The price is based on the distance, so it is always a headache to know if the price will be lower or higher in the same place, depending on the growth of the bamboo trees. However, at least it is faster and can transport more cargo than the overland route, so it is unlikely that the number of users will cease anytime soon.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486296613803130881) The underground trolley bamboo path in Bamboo Dwarf is used because the ground is overgrown with basic dense bushes and young world bamboo, making travel on foot quite difficult. There is also a way to go through the city on bamboo, but it is not easy and casual because it touches the privilege of Bamboo Elves, and only a few people can use it. Traveling on the ground is difficult.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486297823482359812) However, it is not impossible to say that traveling is completely difficult. It is possible to make a contract with a sacred beast panda, ride it, and move through the bushes with ease, and even through bushes and places with poor footing by using "stilts," a special means of transportation using strong bamboo. Especially skilled people can use stilts to carry their luggage on their backs and move as if they were running on the wind, as if there were nothing on the ground.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486203040470532100) It is common knowledge that the common equipment of adventurers is made of bamboo, from weapons to armor, and that the materials used are also made of bamboo. It is even said to be common knowledge that everything from weapons to armor is made of bamboo. Metal products are also available, but they are less easily processed and are more precious than bamboo, so they are often avoided. Only Bamboo Dwarfs have the technology to process metal.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486204766179192837) worldBamboo itself absorbs metals from underground and grows strong, so such bamboo is many times more than ordinary bamboo material. Bamboo elves, bamboo dwarves, and bamboo antes are skilled in the art of finding bamboo materials that contain these precious metals, and they often have an assortment of household items and weapons made from them, and are wealthy.

> The bamboo is divided into three ranks of materials: the copper-colored normal bamboo, which grows poorly, withers, and is inexpensive; the silver mirror-colored bamboo, which has a luster and a magical effect similar to that of a mirror; the golden-colored precious bamboo, which surpasses metal in its suppleness and sturdiness; and the pure white silver-colored bamboo, which is made by a special process known only to bamboo dwarves. The higher the bamboo rank, the more powerful it becomes as an armament.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486207966844157953) Bamboo Ant and Bamboo Dwarf artisans are especially skilled at making armor, while Bamboo Elves are skilled at making household items and ornaments, as well as teas and medicines made from bamboo and its leaves. Bamboo elves are skilled in the processing of household goods and ornaments, as well as teas and medicines made from bamboo and its leaves. People are skilled in the production of paper using bamboo fibers, and it is no exaggeration to say that world bamboo provides daily sustenance for the inhabitants of the Bamboo World.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486275471918923780) Weapons made of bamboo are as durable as those made of metal. They do not rust and are lightweight, making them easy to handle. Even though bamboo material is the lowest grade of copper, it is attractive to adventurers because they can obtain and handle it stably. It is also lightweight, so it can be used as a spare weapon. Another advantage is the ability to make your own weapons for emergencies if you have enough training.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486284628524945409) Bamboo Elf's basic equipment is a bamboo bow and arrow, bamboo spear, and bamboo knife. Basically, materials other than bamboo are suppressed as much as possible to maintain light weight and decorate the appearance beautifully. Bamboo dwarves combine other rock and metal materials around bamboo materials to make heavier weapons. Therefore, it is frowned upon as aesthetically pleasing to the Bamboo Elves, but it is more powerful.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486285807224705025) There is also lightweight bamboo armor made of bamboo fiber cloth and small pieces of bamboo woven over it. Of course, it is also possible to make full-body armor by attaching additional pieces of split bamboo as armor to provide additional protection against slashes, thrusts, and blows. Bamboo dwarves wear additional animal skins to cover the gaps. However, it smells bad.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486287655759654913) In addition, water bottles made of bamboo are convenient and versatile, not only for portable drinking water, but also for holding medicine and packing preserved food. The aroma of bamboo is especially good. They are a very useful gem for adventurers. Bamboo dwarves fill them with highly explosive chemicals to make them into firecracker tubes, but the bamboo elves abhor this as a barbaric act against bamboo.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486289190291898370) Although the Bamboo City is the privileged domain of the Bamboo Elves, its architectural landscape is composed almost exclusively of bamboo, with silver mirror bamboo in silver material colors and precious gold bamboo in gold material. The city's architectural landscape is composed almost exclusively of bamboo. Although simple, its beauty is reminiscent of heavenly mythology, and on rainy or foggy days, it looks fantastic. However, there is a threat from the sky, so there is a giant bamboo projector for defense.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486291440217243648) Especially against dragon species that fly around in the sky above the world bamboo and attack cities on the bamboo, the giant world bamboo spear "Gungtake" is quite effective, which is made of gold-class world bamboo and is specially designed for ejection. Gungtake" is quite effective. Half-breed dragons and their subspecies can easily break through the proud scales of the spear and be pierced by the blow. However, once used, it takes a long time to reload, making it difficult to fire in rapid succession.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486293156979408900) The world bamboo underground stem is the domain of Bamboo Dwarf. There are trolley bamboo paths with bamboo rails in the tunnels along the underground stem, and they carry you through the vast underground for a fee. However, the underground is not a relaxing journey because of the appearance of giant insects that devour the underground stems. Also, the route often changes with the growth of the bamboo.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486293805779525644) The bamboo trail map is renewed daily, although the main locations change little. The price is based on the distance, so it is always a headache to know if the price will be lower or higher in the same place, depending on the growth of the bamboo trees. However, at least it is faster and can transport more cargo than the overland route, so it is unlikely that the number of users will cease anytime soon.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486296613803130881) The underground trolley bamboo path in Bamboo Dwarf is used because the ground is overgrown with basic dense bushes and young world bamboo, making travel on foot quite difficult. There is also a way to go through the city on bamboo, but it is not easy and casual because it touches the privilege of Bamboo Elves, and only a few people can use it. Traveling on the ground is difficult.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486297823482359812) However, it is not impossible to say that traveling is completely difficult. It is possible to make a contract with a sacred beast panda, ride it, and move through the bushes with ease, and even through bushes and places with poor footing by using "stilts," a special means of transportation using strong bamboo. Especially skilled people can use stilts to carry their luggage on their backs and move as if they were running on the wind, as if there were nothing on the ground.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486298493560168448) Especially the lesser species of people are trained in the art of stilts from an early age. They are educated so that they can learn it through play and daily life. At the same time, they learn to handle and process bamboo. There are jobs and competitions using stilts, and those who do not have access to the upper city or underground stems must learn to use them successfully by the time they reach adulthood.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486299637707591685) Bamboo Ant has the means to move freely in and out of the world inside the bamboo, and of course has a suitable body structure, so there is no such inconvenience for them. Bamboo Ants do not have such inconvenience. They rarely travel long distances and rarely leave the nest where they were born. Some of them make use of such aptitude to earn money as couriers in the bamboo domain.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486300707888467969) In addition, Zingasa, which is a human fusion life with mushrooms, knows its own travel routes half by intuition, based on experience and knowledge gained from living underground for many years. He can move from one place to another without a trace. It is said to be weak against light and to have developed this instinct in order to hide quickly, but it also uses this instinct in battle to surprise the enemy, adding to the strength of its fighting ability.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486302482846593028) Furthermore, for those who come from outside, the continent of Bamboo World looks like an undeveloped area at first glance. After landing in the wilderness, the terrain is covered with huge bamboo thickets. However, if you look toward the world bamboo at night, you can see the bonfires of bamboo cities and hear the sound of trolley bamboo roads from underground, you will know that it is not a simple undeveloped land.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486302847524564993) 《Close once
>  #BambooWorld 1.0
>  #Tofu no tanpenshu

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486319069762834435) Bamboo Elf
>  He is praised for his slender, supple, and toned body, which is as beautiful as bamboo. They are skilled at instantly taking up high positions and playing tricks on their opponents, and when combined with traps, they are said to be no match for any opponent. On the other hand, they take advantage of their high spirits and respond to provocations and insults dozens of times more than other species.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486320149624164352) Bamboo Dwarf
>  A rectangular body with almost the same length and width, perhaps because it lives in a small underground space. However, it is muscular and sturdy. It also excels in instantaneous force. They are full of vitality and mentally tough. However, he is a stubborn man who takes his family's honor very seriously, and once he is insulted, he will not stop fighting until the whole family has come together to settle the matter. He loves to drink, gets drunk, sings, and makes a lot of noise.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486320898705862657) Bamboo People
>  They do not belong to either the Bamboo City or the Underground Stem City, and are basically medium build beings who live in the wilderness or in the bush. They do not have many strengths like Bamboo Elves or Bamboo Dwarves, and they manage to survive by cooperating with each other in the harsh wilderness. They do not like to fight and live quietly. However, they sometimes have a strong sense of curiosity, and some young people venture out into the world.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486321848749293568) Bamboo Ant
>  The large ants build their own culture in the world bamboo. There are two types of ants: the noble type, which is dexterous and intelligent, and the worker type, which is physically excellent and sturdy and has an unflappable spirit. They are familiar with the labyrinths within the World Bamboo, and some of them are guides, baggage carriers, and others make their living by searching for labyrinths.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486322766450409482) Zingasa
>  A life form that is a fusion of mushrooms and ancient kingdom people living in a huge underground dark space deeper than the subterranean stem region. Basically, it is weak against light. He is a seeker who wears a mushroom umbrella that indicates his species and is devoted to training. His family's long-cherished wish is to prevent the resurrection of the Demon King sealed in the World Bamboo and to defeat him. Those who are resistant to light work as bouncers in the village of Bamboo Ant.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486323967027998721) Adventurer
>  In the Bamboo World, this occupation denotes a jack-of-all-trades. While the original meaning is also those who explore the labyrinths of the world bamboo, nowadays it ranges from reserve guards at important facilities to mercenaries in wars against threats from other places. They are also active as manual laborers. There are especially many young people of various races who dream of getting rich or who are not comfortable with the place where they live or the rules of their tribe.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486325197213167618) World Bamboo
>  The center of Bamboo World is a gigantic bamboo that continues to grow with the momentum of a point in the center of the continent. Shining in seven beautiful colors, its interior is filled with the labyrinth of a huge ancient golden kingdom, where adventurers come and go. In addition, on the knotty branches and outer perimeter flourishes the kingdom of the bamboo city of Bamboo Elves. It is large enough to be seen from the surrounding sea.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486326403310440452) religious mission "breath of god" mint people
>  A religious group from the outside world that recently visited Bamboo World. They are gaining new followers with their beautiful green eyes, clear voice, and fragrance. They are also gaining popularity by helping the poor with medicinal herbs using mint. However, they are a terrifying group that plans to take over the world's bamboo with their religion and colonize it under the rule of God.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486327287427792898) invasion armed force "Ge"
>  A rough armed group from another part of the world. Since coming to Bamboo World, they have been violently attacking villages and hamlets and taking control of them one after another. They claim their territory by burning bamboo and planting kudzu.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486328244249182208) "Wakame Pirates"
>  A group of pirates visiting from faraway places. They take pride in their long, fresh, black, beautiful hair, which they groom and decorate as if it were art. They have learned of the treasures of the Bamboo Labyrinth in the Bamboo World, and have raided ports around the world to take control of them. They display their trademark wakame seaweed to assert their dominance. He hates people in high places.



> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485978225155395587) Furthermore, in the surrounding waters, the "Wakame Pirates," a band of armed merchant vessels that make men and women alike grow their hair long In addition, in the surrounding waters, "Wakame Pirates", a group of armed merchant vessels of both sexes, are attacking ports on the coast of Bamboo World in an attempt to gain control of the area. Ports under their control are said to be decorated with wakame seaweed, their mark.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485979230001590284) Although the joint struggle between Bamboo Elves and Bamboo Dwarfs has been enough to confront these threats, it is said that not even the gods can predict when this power balance will be upset. It is said that not even God can predict when this balance of power will be upset. A recent major incident, the "Global Bamboo Firecracker Project," a plot that could have half-collapsed a Bamboo Elf city, was narrowly prevented by the adventurers.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485985039645306881) However, some Bamboo Elf nobles and Bamboo Dwarf extremists are secretly in league with foreign powers elsewhere, and there are many who have forgotten their role in protecting the world bamboo and are trying to serve their own interests. There are not a few who have forgotten their role to protect the World Bamboo and are trying to serve their own interests. Under these circumstances, there is talk of the resurrection of the Demon King sealed away in the depths of the World Bamboo Labyrinth, and opinions on how to deal with this are split down the middle.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485988469357039626) The sheer number of other forces is making it impossible for the Bamboo Elves and Bamboo Dwarves, who are not that numerous, to defend themselves against the combined forces of the other forces, This is where the adventurers, who have broken up the previous plot, come in handy. There are many ways for adventurers to work, such as serving as mercenaries, defending bases, exterminating monsters in labyrinths, and preventing the resurrection of the Demon King.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485989949292036096) The king of the Bamboo Elves and the previous hero, "O Bamboo Hunter," is not prejudiced against adventurers of any race and welcomes them with open arms. This is a prophecy of the Demon King's resurrection. This is because some adventurers were quick to recognize the plans of the "breath of God" Minto extremists who attempted to fulfill the ominous prophecy of the Demon King's resurrection, "The Flowering of the World Bamboo," with their own magical formula.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485991476920487938) Also, the Great Mother of Bamboo Dwarfs underground, the "Takenemori's Woman," is upset and approves of the adventurers' success, unlike the hard-headed elders who hate newcomers. She is upset. This is because adventurers have protected their adorable granddaughters from kidnapping by the Kuzu tribe. She is also the one who set up the adventurers' organization and supports them in their official work.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485992312128020481) Adventurers are often a small number of human races who originally lived in seclusion, stragglers who did not fit into the privileged race consciousness of Bamboo Elves and Bamboo Dwarves Many adventurers are also strangers who come from outside. The oddball "Bamboo Ants," an intelligent tribe living in the bamboo labyrinth, have also become active adventurers. They are now indispensable.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1485996832727904256) Bamboo Ants may look like giant ant monsters, but they have their own language and culture, and are a more mentally calm species than they appear. They have two role differences: the noble species, which is particularly good at thinking and dexterous with its hands, and the laborious species, which is physically strong and sturdy, unfazed by anything. They are well versed in the labyrinths within the bamboo and are ideal for exploration and guidance.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486008190563385350) The surroundings and interior of the world bamboo are remnants of an ancient golden kingdom that once flourished, especially in the various parts of the golden world bamboo that have grown since ancient times, with ruins on the outside and inside. The higher up you go, the more privileged the people were. The higher up you go, the more you find a group of ruins where the privileged class used to live, and many people search for them, dreaming of making a fortune. However, ancient monsters and guardians roam the ruins.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486008991511908355) Basically, they live in villages built on small (but large enough to be dwellings) young world bamboo. The name of the village is often a combination of the direction seen from the golden world bamboo sitting in the center and the characteristics of the bamboo in which they live, and is also the name of the family. However, there are also many wanderers living in the wild who cannot live in such bamboos.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486015539080462336) Some people live in tenements made of smaller world bamboos that have died and fallen down along the way and are processed elsewhere. Such dwellings are often found in areas where bamboo does not grow well, and are provided as inexpensive housing, especially for the poor. Bamboo elves, however, consider such dwellings as bad luck and abhor them.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486181159679983616) There is also an underground space below the Bamboo Dwarf region in the Subterranean Stem Zone. It is a huge space area that was created when the ancient Golden Kingdom sank in the Last War, where the descendants of the ancient kingdom people and intelligent life forms that have fused with parasitic mushrooms have formed a nation and are living in secret. They abhor the bamboo that covered the continent after the cataclysm.

> The Mush Mountain, a mountain of gods and goddesses that existed during the time of the ancient Golden Kingdom, is the sacred place of their belief. The people on the ground fear them as a dangerous group that worships the Demon King. In reality, however, they hate the Demon King the most.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486195277610778628) In their folklore, they have been training themselves in their long underground lives, determined to defeat the giant evil entity that has stolen the sky from the Golden Kingdom. They are fierce warriors who must not be carelessly attacked. This is a common sense that is taught to all adventurers at an early stage of their careers.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486201353513091072) However, they are hypersensitive to light and rarely go above ground. Rarely, some of them seem to have developed some tolerance to light, and some of them are active as adventurers. They are friends with the only Bambooant, and can be seen living in Bambooant villages as bouncers. Bamboo Ants call them "Zingasa.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486202375287492615) Most of the materials used in the Bamboo World for daily necessities and armaments are bamboo from giant species such as the world bamboo, whose strength is comparable to that of metal, but it is not difficult to process. The strength of bamboo is comparable to that of metal, yet it is not difficult to process. The better the bamboo, the more expensive it is, so inexpensive daily necessities are usually made of small or dead bamboo. Even so, it is strong enough.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486203040470532100) It is common knowledge that the common equipment of adventurers is made of bamboo, from weapons to armor, and that the materials used are also made of bamboo. It is even said to be common knowledge that everything from weapons to armor is made of bamboo. Metal products are also available, but they are less easily processed and are more precious than bamboo, so they are often avoided. Only Bamboo Dwarfs have the technology to process metal.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486204766179192837) worldBamboo itself absorbs metals from underground and grows strong, so such bamboo is many times more than ordinary bamboo material. Bamboo elves, bamboo dwarves, and bamboo antes are skilled in the art of finding bamboo materials that contain these precious metals, and they often have an assortment of household items and weapons made from them, and are wealthy.

> The bamboo is divided into three ranks of materials: the copper-colored normal bamboo, which grows poorly, withers, and is inexpensive; the silver mirror-colored bamboo, which has a luster and a magical effect similar to that of a mirror; the golden-colored precious bamboo, which surpasses metal in its suppleness and sturdiness; and the pure white silver-colored bamboo, which is made by a special process known only to bamboo dwarves. The higher the bamboo rank, the more powerful it becomes as an armament.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486207966844157953) Bamboo Ant and Bamboo Dwarf artisans are especially skilled at making armor, while Bamboo Elves are skilled at making household items and ornaments, as well as teas and medicines made from bamboo and its leaves. Bamboo elves are skilled in the processing of household goods and ornaments, as well as teas and medicines made from bamboo and its leaves. People are skilled in the production of paper using bamboo fibers, and it is no exaggeration to say that world bamboo provides daily sustenance for the inhabitants of the Bamboo World.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486275471918923780) Weapons made of bamboo are as durable as those made of metal. They do not rust and are lightweight, making them easy to handle. Even though bamboo material is the lowest grade of copper, it is attractive to adventurers because they can obtain and handle it stably. It is also lightweight, so it can be used as a spare weapon. Another advantage is the ability to make your own weapons for emergencies if you have enough training.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486284628524945409) Bamboo Elf's basic equipment is a bamboo bow and arrow, bamboo spear, and bamboo knife. Basically, materials other than bamboo are suppressed as much as possible to maintain light weight and decorate the appearance beautifully. Bamboo dwarves combine other rock and metal materials around bamboo materials to make heavier weapons. Therefore, it is frowned upon as aesthetically pleasing to the Bamboo Elves, but it is more powerful.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486285807224705025) There is also lightweight bamboo armor made of bamboo fiber cloth and small pieces of bamboo woven over it. Of course, it is also possible to make full-body armor by attaching additional pieces of split bamboo as armor to provide additional protection against slashes, thrusts, and blows. Bamboo dwarves wear additional animal skins to cover the gaps. However, it smells bad.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486287655759654913) In addition, water bottles made of bamboo are convenient and versatile, not only for portable drinking water, but also for holding medicine and packing preserved food. The aroma of bamboo is especially good. They are a very useful gem for adventurers. Bamboo dwarves fill them with highly explosive chemicals to make them into firecracker tubes, but the bamboo elves abhor this as a barbaric act against bamboo.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486289190291898370) Although the Bamboo City is the privileged domain of the Bamboo Elves, its architectural landscape is composed almost exclusively of bamboo, with silver mirror bamboo in silver material colors and precious gold bamboo in gold material. The city's architectural landscape is composed almost exclusively of bamboo. Although simple, its beauty is reminiscent of heavenly mythology, and on rainy or foggy days, it looks fantastic. However, there is a threat from the sky, so there is a giant bamboo projector for defense.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486291440217243648) Especially against dragon species that fly around in the sky above the world bamboo and attack cities on the bamboo, the giant world bamboo spear "Gungtake" is quite effective, which is made of gold-class world bamboo and is specially designed for ejection. Gungtake" is quite effective. Half-breed dragons and their subspecies can easily break through the proud scales of the spear and be pierced by the blow. However, once used, it takes a long time to reload, making it difficult to fire in rapid succession.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486293156979408900) The world bamboo underground stem is the domain of Bamboo Dwarf. There are trolley bamboo paths with bamboo rails in the tunnels along the underground stem, and they carry you through the vast underground for a fee. However, the underground is not a relaxing journey because of the appearance of giant insects that devour the underground stems. Also, the route often changes with the growth of the bamboo.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486293805779525644) The bamboo trail map is renewed daily, although the main locations change little. The price is based on the distance, so it is always a headache to know if the price will be lower or higher in the same place, depending on the growth of the bamboo trees. However, at least it is faster and can transport more cargo than the overland route, so it is unlikely that the number of users will cease anytime soon.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486296613803130881) The underground trolley bamboo path in Bamboo Dwarf is used because the ground is overgrown with basic dense bushes and young world bamboo, making travel on foot quite difficult. There is also a way to go through the city on bamboo, but it is not easy and casual because it touches the privilege of Bamboo Elves, and only a few people can use it. Traveling on the ground is difficult.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486297823482359812) However, it is not impossible to say that traveling is completely difficult. It is possible to make a contract with a sacred beast panda, ride it, and move through the bushes with ease, and even through bushes and places with poor footing by using "stilts," a special means of transportation using strong bamboo. Especially skilled people can use stilts to carry their luggage on their backs and move as if they were running on the wind, as if there were nothing on the ground.




> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486351203651190784) The Demon King of Shine
>  The Lord of Disaster who destroyed the ancient Golden Kingdom. He is said to be the one who brought wealth to the kingdom, and the treasures in the ruins are said to be the power of the Demon King. He gave up on the kingdom, which was drowned in greed and evil, and destroyed it, but his soul was sealed in the world bamboo created by an ancient sage. It is said that a suitable substitute is needed for his resurrection, and that the seal will be broken when the World Bamboo blooms.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486476073290584065) The Dependent of the Resurrection
>  The body necessary for the resurrection of the Demon Lord of Radiance. When the Demon King had his soul sealed, he applied a cursed pattern to a baby with a body that conformed to his own body. The offspring of the baby had the pattern somewhere on their bodies for generations. It is said that the Demon King waits for the day of resurrection with this as a landmark. On the prophesied day of resurrection, the descendants of the baby will be led to the world bamboo.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486560607482826755) O Bamboo Hunter
>  The name inherited by the king of the Bamboo Elves. He has sworn to protect the World Bamboo, and takes on the role of the Bamboo Elf as it should be. In addition to protecting the World Bamboo, he also takes on the role of a brave warrior, and his job is to prevent the resurrection of the Demon King. The modern king recognizes the competence of the adventurers and is quick to request their cooperation in the event of a difficult case.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486641716627394563) World Bamboo Blooms
>  According to an old legend, the world bamboo will bloom in a thousand years and the civilizations there will perish together in a single night. Therefore, it is not surprising that it is tied to the prophecy of the Demon King's resurrection. However, since the soul of the Demon King was sealed away when the ancient Golden Kingdom was destroyed, there has been no sign of flowering even after a thousand years have passed, and it has grown as if it were piercing the heavens.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486660941148090378) Bamboo Dwarf Great Mother King "Take-Ne-Mori's Woman
>  The king of Bamboo Dwarfs and mother of all Bamboo Dwarfs. She has been the guardian of the roots that form the underground stem of the world's bamboo for generations. She was once in love with the king of the Bamboo Elves amidst the rivalry between the two races, but the relationship was never consummated. She continues to research the ancient Golden Kingdom and is the founder of an adventurer organization.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486661258199793667) 《Pause〜》
>  #BambooWorld
>  #Tofu no tanpenshu

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486662217424519170) Bamboo Elf society has a strict class system, and orders from superiors are absolute. They are also very coercive toward other races. They also value beauty, and will not forget to adorn themselves at any time. However, as they move down the hierarchy, they become arrogant and savage. However, once he receives a favor, he is always grateful.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486663399794626561) Bamboo Dwarf society is basically headed by the mother. All members of the clan are equal around the matriarch and respect each other. However, those who do not take good care of their parents, those who are lazy and do not work, and those who do not follow the family code are harshly punished. There are many craftsmen, each with their own workshop. Work always finishes in the evening, and everyone drinks, sings, and makes a lot of noise at dinner.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486664273073823749) Bambouant societies are born with a way of life determined at birth when they emerge from their eggs. They follow the rules without question until they are no longer able to work. However, in rare cases, there are those who, because they are not comfortable with the prescribed way of life or because they are interested in something new, leave the nest where they grew up and wander the labyrinth of the world's bamboos.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486665358790385665) Zingasa society is a mystery, except that they are light-sensitive. But what they value most is honor. To die fighting the strong, to throw oneself into hopeless battles, or to side with the disadvantaged, is a way of life that each individual has discovered, and it is an honor that is greater than life itself. Perhaps because of this trait, some are even happy to become adventurers and throw themselves into dangerous battles.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486666744093560834) Bamboo people are seen as the weakest race. They do not have a large base of operations like other races, but live in small settlements scattered among the bamboo thickets of the world. However, they are not jealous and work diligently, so they are sometimes hired by other tribes in their towns and strongholds. They are also the ones who are closest to the sacred beast Panda.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486667873049186306) Mints form a society that devotes its entire life to the breath god it believes in. They are indomitable people who accept any hardship for the sake of their god. They are generally gentle and mild-mannered, but they see any being other than the god they believe in as a lower form of existence, and they do not accept other values. Their dream is to spread mint, the source of God's breath, throughout the world.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486668664518561792) The Ge are a fighting people with a fearsome talent for fighting. They believe that the more wounds they receive, the braver they are, and they ridicule the wearing of protective gear as something that weak people and children do. The weak are supposed to follow the strong, and the head of the family is supposed to be the strong one. Therefore, internal strife can be constant.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486669656668602372) Pirate Wakame people hold the value that hair is sacred. In addition to physical strength, there is no difference between men and women in the selection process, as those with beautiful hair are chosen to serve as chieftains. On the other hand, those without beautiful hair are banished to the sea as children. Even those of other races can develop love if they have beautiful hair.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486670476889890818) 《~区区～》
>  #BambooWorld
>  #Tofu no tanpenshu

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486688852618006529) 1 "Bamblasil"
>  At the center of the world is a continent shrouded in mist, and at its center sits a giant bamboo that pierces the clouds, the Vamblasil, with a luster of seven colors. The world bamboo is a legendary giant bamboo that literally supports and connects the heavens and earth, and is said to be a thousand years old, surpassing even the smallest life.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486689513921396737) The ground is surrounded by bamboos and bushes, which are the household of the world bamboo, and the fresh water that flows from the crevices of the giant bamboo joints makes it extremely humid and generates a deep mist. It is a hot and humid place. At first glance, the ground seems to be an uncultivated land with the scent of wild nature, a place where small lives would be shunned. But look up and you will find a different story.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486690400915972104) Behold the joints and branches of the world's bamboos and their dependents (but still gigantic). The exotic and beautiful bamboo structures are shining like green jewels in the light from the heavens! Look closely and you will see the "Bamboo Elf" guards, dressed in ornate and gorgeous bamboo armor, watching over the sky and the ground!

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486691502340247559) His body is thin but toned with muscles that excel in exercise and is a word of beauty, especially his ears are pointed like bamboo leaves, and he is positioned high above the world bamboo that even clouds block, He is a man of great pride who does not even try to hide the smile of the bamboo guru who looks down on everything as if it were natural, but I cannot help but think that he is a figure worthy to stand by the greatness of the world bamboo.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486692556943466499) Their athleticism is a natural result of their many years at high altitudes, where they have acquired terrifying leaping ability, agility, and athleticism from being higher than the ground. They dance like butterflies in the wind, pierce their prey with a single arrow from their bamboo bows like bees, and look down on and ridicule others out of nowhere with the sarcasm of a bush mosquito. It is difficult to find them when they hide behind the bamboo leaves!

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486693151070830593) Bamboo forestsBamboo thickets are like their own backyards. They consider anyone who steps into their territory as either prey or a toy. They even have a kind of cruelty about them. However, their first and foremost priority is always to protect their home and their god, the world bamboo "VANBRASIL.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486693841788825601) When the world bamboo weakens, they weaken. Bamboo Elves have believed so. Therefore, they have sometimes regarded their family's life as nothing more than a bamboo leaf for the sake of the world bamboo, and if there is a calamity, they have boldly offered it up for the sake of the world bamboo. That is the honor of the Bamboo Elves, and the pride of their souls! He is arrogant and arrogant, but he knows that he is the only one who can help the bamboo of the world.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486694940587413505) Oh, behold! A black, ferocious, flying monster has attacked the sky above the world of bamboo, seeking to destroy the architecture of the Bamboo Elves! It is the "Takekurahi flying dragon," a subspecies of the dragon species with a slender body, thin wings like insects, and horns on its head! This is a vermin that the Bamboo Elves detest, as it gnaws not only the leaves and branches of the world's bamboos, but also the world's bamboos themselves!

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486695769377685510) The Bamboo Elves are angry first. They are indignant that only the world bamboo and the sky of heaven can be higher than even they are. They shouted and called their friends, and rang the great bamboo bell to form a vigilant network. At the same time, a terrifying deadly atmosphere is instantly generated in all parts of Sekaike Bamboo. The bamboo-eating flying dragon, which emits a slight warning threat at the pressure, gives up its attack on the architecture and flies away!

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486696618271264776) But the bamboo-eating dragon switches its target to the thin and soft-looking guards of the Bamboo Elves and flies ferociously among the branches and leaves of the world's bamboos, using wind pressure and tremors to check the Bamboo Elves who are trying to hide from it with their bows and arrows! They check the Bamboo Elves who aim to hide! However, they are not so brave as to be intimidated by such a thing, and seeing the tremors transmitted to the branches and leaves as an opportunity to win, they use it to their advantage and leap into the sky, the domain of the bamboo-eating flying dragon!

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486697473871474689) It seemed reckless! It was the bamboo-eating dragon, which was supposed to fly freely in the sky, that was lured into the trap! What was released from the Bamboo Elf's hand was a glistening thread in the sky! It was circled like a spider's web! A simple sharp slashing bamboo thread made from the selected fibers of the world's bamboo!

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486698288044597249) The bamboo-eating flying dragon realized that it had been trapped after its feathers were torn to shreds by the bamboo threads. The dragon finally screamed in pain as the threads severed even its hard scales while entangling itself as it fell immediately after! Immediately afterwards, she was shot in all directions by a Bamboo Elf-style four-way, three-dimensional, omni-directional fireball, and lost her life without a second thought!

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486699134094491654) Oh, behold, this is the cruel and flowing celestial hunt of the Bamboo Elves! The Bamboo Elves, though they have wings, will show no mercy to those who fly above them and cast shadows over them! They will always reward those who risk their lives to do so, and they will not leave any stone unturned until they have ended the screams of their opponents! His appearance is demonic, yet beautiful. This is the guardian of the world bamboo!

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486700043541176324) Whether or not they noticed us crawling on the ground in dismay, they were so proud of their victory that they sang a song dedicated to the world's bamboo-eaters who had died in midair, shredded and tangled in threads. They sang a song dedicated to the victorious world bamboo as they dismantled the bamboo-eating dragon, which had died in midair, shredded and tangled in threads. The heroic song and scene of thanksgiving to Vambulasil and prayers for the further prosperity of the Bamboo-Chieftain clan continued for a while amidst a fantastic misty atmosphere.

> [uyumakusa](https://twitter.com/uyumakusa/status/1486700438674042882) [End
>
>  *Excerpt from "Exploring Bamboo World: The Guardians of Bamboo Rasil
>
>  #BambooWorld
>  #Tofu no tanpenshu


---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/世界竹](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/世界竹) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.