---
title: "Slide making after KJ method"
---

    - [[Publications]] There are a lot of things I want to include in
- The way it's been done so far
    - write out on a sticky note
        - Place stickies in a way that as many as possible are connected to other stickies using the [[KJ method]].
    - Create a document with most of the sticky notes pieced together in a mousy, organic way.
- This is a lot of work.
    - They say it doesn't translate into much customer value for all the hard work.
    - for some reason
        - It seems that the way to connect what is "connected" to me, is not apparent to the average person unless there are three extra slides.
                - What did you think of [[IT and Management]]?
        - The result is a vast sea of information that seems to be connected, but we cannot be sure that it is.
- They say it's more satisfying to define the start and the goal first and then connect them in a precise manner.
    - [from if statements to machine learning](https://www.slideshare.net/nishio/if-80195170)
- How to do it after visualizing the network by lining it up using the KJ method.
    - The way it's been done so far: "find a path through the whole thing."
        - The KJ legal way of doing things is the right way.
        - New ideas are generated by trying to include the information somehow without throwing it away.
    - A new way of doing things: "Set a start and a goal, and connect them smoothly."
- Let's aim for a new way of doing things.
    - If you do that, though, the ones that appear in the stickies will be cut off with a bang.
- I want to encourage action, not just listen and "hear a good story" and be done with it.
    - So the goal is inevitably determined.
    - The majority of the audience ends up presenting Next Actions that are feasible and mostly beneficial to the majority of the audience.
    - We can logically connect to it.

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/KJ法の後のスライド作り](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/KJ法の後のスライド作り) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.