---
title: "Something that is not Scrapbox"
---


- [Something that can be rewritten mechanically.
- Co-editing is not that important in my use case.
- Then, why not abandon collaborative editing and instead create "[[Something that is not Scrapbox]]" that facilitates [[mechanical updates]]?
This was discussed.

Wanted features
    - [[Merging Multiple Projects]]
    - Merge and display multiple JSONs placed in a data folder into a single project without the work of compositing JSON.
    - If there are pages with common names in multiple projects, why not just display them with an apparent concatenation anyway?
    - Enable to use JSON obtained by API as well as exported JSON
        - This means that other people's projects are also apparently merged.
    - [[Mechanical generation of pages]]
        - [[making a house into a garbage dump]] concerns.
    - Therefore, if you try to experiment with the current situation
        - Export your own projects
        - Import to another location
        - Additional import of generated JSON
        - view
    - requires a procedure called
        - If you want to modify the JSON generated by looking at it, repeat the process again.
        - The API for the import itself does not exist, so you are forced to work with it.
        - care
    - If there is a merge view of JSON in the folder above, simply update the local JSON file
- Link to local PDF
    - I hear Gyazo will eventually have a PDF upload feature...

Discard function
- Co-editing should seriously be discarded.
    - Not even a page lock is needed.
- Editing capabilities would be nice to have, but that's not a priority either.
    - Scrapbox's line-by-line editing is useful, but seems cumbersome to implement
    - A Hackmd-like structure with a textarea on the left and a preview on the right would be sufficient.

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/Scrapboxではない何か](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/Scrapboxではない何か) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.