---
title: "The Fatiguing Effects of Camera Use in Virtual Meetings: A Within-Person Field Experiment"
---

- Turning on the camera at a [[video conference]] increases fatigue.
- Fatiguing, especially for women.
- Decreases as organizational tenure increases.
- Fatigue reduces vocalization and engagement.
- Fatigue affects the next day.

> The COVID-19 pandemic propelled many employees into remote work arrangements, and face-to-face meetings were quickly replaced with virtual meetings. This rapid uptick in the use of virtual meetings led to much popular press discussion of virtual meeting fatigue (i.e., “Zoom fatigue”), described as a feeling of being drained and lacking energy following a day of virtual meetings. In this study, we aimed to better understand how one salient feature of virtual meetings—the camera—impacts fatigue, which may affect outcomes during meetings (e.g., participant voice and engagement). We did so through the use of a 4-week within-person experience sampling field experiment where camera use was manipulated. Drawing from theory related to self-presentation, we propose and test a model where study condition (camera on versus off) was linked to daily feelings of fatigue; daily fatigue, in turn, was presumed to relate negatively to voice and engagement during virtual meetings. We further predict that gender and organizational tenure will moderate this relationship such that using a camera during virtual meetings will be more fatiguing for women and newer members of the organization. Results of 1,408 daily observations from 103 employees supported our proposed model, with supplemental analyses suggesting that fatigue affects same-day and next-day meeting performance. Given the anticipated prevalence of remote work even after the pandemic subsides, our study offers key insights for ongoing organizational best practices surrounding virtual meetings. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)
- [https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-77825-003](https://psycnet.apa.org/record/2021-77825-003)
- (DeepL)The COVID-19 craze has led many employees to move to remote work arrangements, and face-to-face meetings have quickly been replaced by virtual meetings. This rapid increase in the use of virtual meetings has led to much media coverage of virtual meeting fatigue (i.e., "[[Zoom fatigue]]"). The purpose of this study was to better understand how one of the salient features of [[virtual conferences]], the camera, affects fatigue. To do so, we conducted a four-week intraindividual experience sampling field experiment in which we manipulated the use of cameras. Based on theories related to self-presentation, we proposed and tested a model in which study conditions (camera on and off) were related to daily fatigue. We further predicted that this relationship would be moderated by gender and years with the organization, and that camera use during virtual meetings would be more fatiguing for women and newer members of the organization. 1,408 days of observations with 103 employees supported our proposed model, and supplemental analyses suggested that fatigue would affect same-day and next-day meeting performance on the day of the meeting and the following day. Given the expected proliferation of remote work after the pandemic subsides, this study provides important insights for continued organizational best practices surrounding virtual meetings. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved)

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/The Fatiguing Effects of Camera Use in Virtual Meetings: A Within-Person Field Experiment](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/The Fatiguing Effects of Camera Use in Virtual Meetings: A Within-Person Field Experiment) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.