---
title: "Weekly journal 2024-06-09~2024-06-17"
---

prev  [[Weekly journal 2024-06-03~2024-06-08]]

I've always used the weekly journal as a page to look back and summarize after the week is over, but I'm starting to think that a different way of doing things is possible, so I'm pinning it this time as an experiment.
- Under the title ``Weekly Journal 2024-06-09~`''

Since this page will stay at the top of the page in the future week, I'll write here what's on my mind.
    - [[Hayashi's Video]]
- Watch and comment on the Unexplored Jr. video.
    - Through the weekend.
- We're at a camp this weekend, so I'll have to check the schedule.
    - Saturday and Sunday events are often waved in lieu of Friday and Monday, but that's an in-house study session on Friday.
    - Or take Thursday off.
        - Thursday meeting 11:00~13:00 Hongo area
    - Let's get ready for Friday's study session on Tuesday.
- I think Talk to the City is just right for the study group.
        - [[Talk to the City Study Group]]

2024-06-10 Reorganization
- 2024-06-14  [[Talk to the City Study Group]]
- 2024-06-15/16 Unexplored Junior Boost Conference
- 2024-06-16 ([[Talk to the City for Governor]] to be tested)
- 2024-06-16 (not attended)[Japanese FtC Tokyo Study Group - Luma](https://lu.ma/rpuqzvro)
- 2024-06-20 ([[Talk to the City for Governor]] to begin in earnest)


Saturday, 2024-06-15
- Unexplored Junior Training Camp starts today
- looking back
    - [[entanglement power]].
- (Here the look back has been interrupted due to busyness)


2024-06-17 Monday swing back
- Joined Slack last Sunday 6/10 with Mr. Anno asking for advice on the digital democracy part of the project.
    - I have assigned a main person to do the visualization at TTTC, and I help with advice and peripheral things.
    - Organizational management in the form of Slack being updated at blazing speed, I was unfamiliar with it, so I fumbled w
- 12 TUESDAY: [[Talk to the City for Governor]] Policy is open fact.
- 13 Wed.
    - First TTTC release: [[TTTC: People's Reactions and Issues Regarding Takahiro Yasuno's Run for Governor of Tokyo]].
    - TTTC study group materials completed: [[Talk to the City Study Group]].
- Thursday 14: Closed in lieu
- 15 Friday: Study Group Presentation
- 16Saturday: Unexplored Junior Training Camp Day 1
    - Get up and get ready for the second TTTC [[Talk to the City UI Japanese language]].
    - Closed test of AITuber an
        - It's so funny.
    - Second TTTC release: [[TTTC: Issues and Questions Discussed at the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly]].

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2024-06-09~2024-06-17](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2024-06-09~2024-06-17) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.