---
title: "Weekly journal 2025-09-14~2025-09-22"
---

from [[weekly journal 2025-08-30~2025-09-14]].

For 15 days
- A phenomenon is occurring where the cycle update interval is increasing even though there seems to be no significant external events.

- Aug. 31 Team Mirai Hackathon
    - Only joined remotely for an hour at the beginning of the meeting because of a conflict with another matter.
- What kept you busy for the next week?
    - Review of internal Idobata and discussion of next contract
    - Meeting on 9/4
    - Organizing a confusing story
- The manuscript release for the Plurality book came in on Friday or so, and I created [[a conceptual map of the Plurality book]] over the next week to make use of the manuscript.
    - 9/5
        - Plurality's translated version released online today
            - One CC-BY book data and a number of articles, such as the Cybos formula, make good testbed data, and I'd like to take this opportunity for an interesting technical demonstration.
            - I want to create a "good summary" and to do so, I want to experiment with knowledge graph extraction (GraphRAG) systems.
            - It's also connected to last week's story about visualizing 20,000 data points in Kozaneba.
                - I think it's less than 20,000 cases if you simply visualize it in a scatter plot.
                - If I want to deal with the structure of chapters and the relationships between concepts without abandoning them, I want to use various features of Kozaneza rather than just scatter plots.
        - →This week I did a survey of GraphRAG related technologies, I'll try to include data from the Plurality book next week.
    - 9/8 Monday Information extraction largely successful, try to add miscellaneous views
        - [[pConceptMap2025-09-08]]
        - Related: [[detail-oriented]].
    - 9/9 Release
        - [[pConceptMap2025-09-09]]
            - Just one chapter for now.
    - [[pConceptMap2025-09-10]]
    - Thursday [[start thinking that it would be a good idea to put an edge label on Kozaneba]].
        - Function to label edges, prototyped but subtle, so I'm thinking about designing it.
        - GPT's recommendation is a pretty intense rewrite route, skin deep that it's not a size that can be left to the AI to complete.
    - [[pConceptMap2025-09-11]]
    - [[pConceptMap2025-09-12]]
    - I was able to add links across chapters.

- [[YouTube comment spreading AI]].
    - I got as far as deploying to Azure.
    - The way client builds is wrong and I have to do a static build every time.

next  [[Weekly journal 2025-09-22~2025-09-29]]

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2025-09-14~2025-09-22](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2025-09-14~2025-09-22) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.