---
title: "Weekly journal 2024-06-24~2024-07-12"
---

prev  [[Weekly journal 2024-06-17~2024-06-24]]

What you haven't done.
    - Addition of questions to [Talk to the City Study Group
    - Listen to a preview of the non-Anno portion of the [FtC Study Group
    - Watch [Hayashi's Video

What we were able to do last week
    - [[Polis Summer 2024]]
- [/plurality-japanese/Social Hack Day #62](https://scrapbox.io/plurality-japanese/Social Hack Day #62)


I forgot to unpin the last one and pin this one itself.
Today is Wednesday (6/26)

---
2024-07-12
The weekly journal update blew up because of the rage.

6/27 [[TTTC Turbo]]
7/2 Written by: [[Broad Listening: The Technology that Makes Everyone a Shotoku Taishi]].
- 7/4 Chinese version published
7/4 Written by: [[The Future of Digital Technology for Democracy]].
7/6  [[Daimine Climbing 2024]]
7/8 [[[Tokyo Gubernatorial Election 2024]] Reflections on Team Yasuno's Campaign - Members' KPTs Released｜#Takahiro Yasuno Office (Official) []](https://note.com/annotakahiro24/n/n5c7516dd2437)
7/9  [[Plurality Video Shooting]]

We'll remember Plurality from next week on!
- Write an article on patches for TTTC
- Summarize TTTC articles on the Governor's race with other TTTC pages
- Write a case study of Minor Polls and Polis on the page.

- Talk about the difficulties of building a broad listening environment.
    - Scatter has trouble building Python environment
    - Turbo runs in a browser, so there is no need to build an environment, but it is difficult to gather detailed information when problems occur
        - If it works fine, it's easy
        - Difficult to help if problems arise
            - Difficulty understanding "why it doesn't work."
    - Personally, I'd prefer to run the script in Google Colab.
        - If you get an error, just share it in that state.




---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2024-06-24~2024-07-12](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2024-06-24~2024-07-12) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.