---
title: "Weekly journal 2025-08-10~2025-08-20"
---

prev  [[Weekly journal 2025-07-27~2025-08-10]]
- 2 weeks

What they did in the previous period.
- It's been two weeks since the election and I thought I'd have some free time.
- The week after the election, I reflected on the election.
- It took me about two weeks to write "[[Think of society as a human computation]]," which I said I would write after the election.
    - Writing takes up a relatively large amount of brain capacity.
- 7/31 [[Starbucks Reserve Roastery Tokyo]]
- 8/3  [[Loose Computer Science Radio Polis times]]
    - We also had a simultaneous viewing party.
    - Dozens more [/plurality-japanese](https://scrapbox.io/plurality-japanese) participants
    - Then more people started making Polis.
        - I hope this trend continues.
- 8/6  [[Team Mirai Hierarchical Clustering]]
- 8/7  [[Polis of the discussion in Mr. Hoshi's PR]]
- 8/1, 8/8
    - [[Project to have bluemo do an Idobata event at Cybozu]].
        - Now that we have successfully completed the test run, we are ready to hold the actual event!
- 8/10-11  [[Satisfactory Multiplayer 2025]]

Huh? Was this the rhythm of the weekly switchover?
- I'm a little confused, but I think I did.
- After the switch, look back at the previous period


this week
- Cybozu-style "Polis tried and tested" article
- Kozaneba: fixed broken menu image issue
- Wide hearing AI: Aspect ratio issues, experiment with using labels as drawer lines.


Looks like I won't be able to switch over the weekend.


next:  [[Weekly journal 2025-08-20~2025-08-30]]

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2025-08-10~2025-08-20](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2025-08-10~2025-08-20) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.