---
title: "Weekly journal 2023-09-10~2023-09-16"
---

prev  [[Weekly journal 2023-09-02~2023-09-10]]

What did you do last week?
- [[Iterative Commenter]]
    - 9/5~7 Funeral of wife's grandfather
    - 9/8
        - impressions
            - I was in a hurry to be able to trigger the "AI living in Scrapbox" from my phone because I couldn't touch my PC for 3 days.
            - This was so beneficial (accelerated my thinking and made me realize a lot) that I'm thinking of doing this for the AI I'm putting in my other Scrapbox projects.
    - What we did during this period: [[âœï¸ðŸ¤–2023-09-05~10]]
        - In addition to this, I tried to include all the "blind spot cards that don't have pictures yet" but it wasn't fun.
        - Because opportunity to make large quantities would overflow human capacity? Because it is underdeveloped and therefore did not develop much?
        - When many occur in parallel, the amount of attention devoted to each is reduced.
            - Can't [[find meaning]]?
                    - [[It is human beings who interpret oracles.]]

Looking back now on 9/10, I don't remember w before the funeral.
- Capacity overflowed and was swept away.
- I didn't create [[Iterative Commenter]] until after the funeral was set.
- Reflecting on the Diary
    - [[Diary 2023-09-02]]
    - >  [[Extending the Red Link with AI]] is useful so that multiple runs can be performed at once
    - > I think it would be better to add an addendum under
    - > Even when the URL is specified to be read (= red link extension by AI on the specified page), the prompt says "in my research" due to the prompt being "your research notes".
    - >  To begin with, since this usage is no longer [[Recurrent Notes]] or anything, should we separate the script and the prompt?
    - this trend
        - [[Pages that sometimes emerge]]
        - This realization was implemented
            - [[AI Page Marks]]
            - Here's where the "ðŸŒ€" was made.
        - [[IterativeCommenter Conception]]
- 9/4 [[Pioneer Mode]]
    - What is the relationship between Pioneer Mode and [[Iterative Commenter]]?
    - Talking about the implementation layer, there is a `--pioneer` option in `iterative_commenter.py`.
    - Three no-PC days were confirmed, so I implemented them at night in a spirited manner.
        - > Yasukazu Nishio2023/9/4(Mon) 19:15
        - > While I feel it would be beneficial to extend the red link in Scrapbox by AI, I have come up with a mechanism that would allow me to WATCH on the command line and execute on Github Action where I had to operate on the command line until now, so I'll finish it before I leave tomorrow. It will be interesting to see if I can get it done before I leave tomorrow (whether I can afford it or not is yet to be determined).
    - The concept is still being sorted out.
        - The current pioneer mode doesn't feel very pioneer-like since you just write on a designated page.
        - It's only one time, so it's not iterative.
        - ðŸŒ€ is iterative

9/5
    - [[Change Scrapbox auto-translation from DeepL to GPT]]
    - [[Doing multi-head thinking in omoikane]]

9/6
    - [[Raw ChatGPT and omni use cases are different.]]

9/9
    - [[I have no problem with words that don't convey the message in words alone.]]
    - [[AI Shaman]] Organizing Concepts


---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/é€±è¨˜2023-09-10~2023-09-16](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/é€±è¨˜2023-09-10~2023-09-16) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.