---
title: "Weekly journal 2024-12-15~2024-12-22"
---

I wrote last week, "What I'll be doing next week."
- Ah, so many meetings.
- I can't think too much, so let's take it slow.
You didn't write anything.

What we actually did last week
- I saw a friend of mine trying [[o1 Pro]] over the weekend, and I protested for a day, saying "No, I'm not going to subscribe because I'm going to play [[Satisfactory Multiplayer]] over the weekend," but eventually I couldn't take it anymore and signed up.
    - > [nishio](https://x.com/nishio/status/1866716855077077380) If you sign up for ChatGPT Pro, it costs 1000 yen a day whether you use it or not, which has the side effect of making you feel like you're wasting money, so you use it all the time and lose vacations.
        - 12/11 (Wed.)
    - Mechanism for copying a list of source codes to O1 Pro
            - [[A tool to put all the source code of a project into the clipboard at once]]
- Plurality book [/plurality-japanese/an-no-case-added](https://scrapbox.io/plurality-japanese/an-no-case-added).
- [[UTAS-UMAP]] published.
- Talk to the City Japanese sample dataset [[How did you learn about your life choices Dataset]] is open
- I received Community Notes data from Code for Japan.
    - Did some light analysis and feedback.
    - [[pHyogoCN]]
- [[THINKLET]]
    - Neck mounted Android, I got it, set it up and experimented with it.
- No progress on [[pMVID]].


To be done next week (discussion with +o1)
- Easier input and output to get more out of O1 Pro
    - Objective: It is not good if human work becomes a bottleneck, reducing the time that O1 Pro is utilized, so it is necessary to increase the smoothness of the part of the work that is done by humans.
    - done:  [[A tool to put all the source code of a project into the clipboard at once]]
        - I hope you can add that page itself. zzz
    - Next, think about a mechanism to compile documents on Scrapbox and pass them to O1 Pro.
        - Collect and copy linked data together.
        - ✅ [[JS to summarize all pages that can be reached by following links]]
    - Export O1 Pro output in Scrapbox format
        - Improve the Chrome extension currently being created to allow easy export of logs
- We need to create a page summarizing what we've done so far.
    - Write UTAS-UMAP or something similar.
    - I'd like to send the message in Chinese, not in English to begin with.
    - Objective: To make it easy for people abroad to see who I am.
    - Not a summary of digital democracy, but rather a summary of my activities, simply because many of my recent activities have been related to digital democracy
- TTTC
        - [[Shin Tokyo 2050 Broad Listening]]
    - Try new views experiment ideas
            - [[Talk to the City search highlight feature]] ✅
- [[pHyogoCN]]
    - You could try using Miro's API to pour the output data into Miro.
        - [[Miro API]]
        - Purpose: experimenting with pouring from community notes into Miro makes sense to do it and publish it, as there is a possibility of finding something useful by doing it.
    - [[2024-07-22~27 Special Weekly Report]] You haven't done anything at all.
    - This will be the right time to proceed with the "summary of what we've done page"
    - [[Hosting of Cosense English Translation 2024-11-24]]
    - This also connects to the "summary of what we've done page".
- I received a copy of "[[What is logical thinking?]]" but didn't read it.

pending items
- Plurality Books
    - There is no particular task waiting for me to process, so it is in standby mode.
- [[THINKLET]]
    - Need more real-time tools
    - If I can think of some interesting way to use it, I'd like to try it, but I can't think of anything at the moment, so it's pending.
    - [[Bluesky]] is another way to go.
- UTAS-UMAP
    - To make the case that high-dimensional data visualization is beneficial for political opinion vectors
    - Status: Once published as it is now
    - In the future, we could use D3 or something similar for dynamic graph visualization.
- [[pMVID]]
    - The purpose of the experiment is to see if we can get interesting results by trying it out.
    - It would be good to move forward with the Tokyo Metropolitan Government and try to apply the new tools that have been created there.

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2024-12-15~2024-12-22](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2024-12-15~2024-12-22) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.