---
title: "Weekly journal 2024-09-16~2024-09-24"
---

prev  [[Weekly journal 2024-09-07~2024-09-16]]

2024-09-16 0:40
- I missed the switch on Saturday and Sunday.
- Today is a national holiday.
- Note: I don't really feel that "this is the middle of September".
    - May, July, September, or so resolution.
    - I don't know why it's in that state.
        - We tend to [[run short]] because we're ignoring what's going to happen a week or more in the future in our schedule.
    - Subsequent development of the idea: [[I found myself in the middle of September.]]

Last Week in Review
    - [[2024-09-08-Technology to Support Democracy]]
    - Performed by.
    - [[2024-09-10 Polis new UI]]
    - much improved
    - I was actually supposed to make progress on 9/9, but I wasn't feeling well, so I tried a new thing I came up with on the morning of 9/10, which resulted in a third solution by the end of the night.
    - We didn't do the TTTC that we were supposed to do on 9/10.
- 9/11  [[Using TTTC with Azure OpenAI]]
    - I had to step over some messy issues caused by using it with Azure, but I managed it.
    - I'd love to organize and share a story about it, but I haven't gotten around to it.
- 9/12
    - [[p2024-09-12]]
    - Preparation for Study Session
        - 9/13  [[Broad Listening "That Figure" Study Group]]
            - [[2024-09-08-Technology to Support Democracy]], picked 60 minutes out of 80 minutes of talk.
- 9/14  [[Nodal point of thought 2024-09-14]]
    - Organizing what we talked about for about 5 hours on the night of 9/13 (unfinished as of 2024-09-16).
- 9/15 [[Doraemon's Dorayaki Shop Story]] was done.

>  Start of 3-day weekend!
>  [[2024-09-08External brain GitHub work]] I'm thinking we should take it one step further.
I didn't end up doing it.
- I was [[resting]].
- While I was resting, they made a lot of progress!
- [[Extract questions at various levels of abstraction]]
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2024-09-16~2024-09-24](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2024-09-16~2024-09-24) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.