---
title: "Weekly journal 2024-04-06~2024-04-14"
---

prev  [[Weekly journal 2024-04-01~2024-04-06]]
- Short!

4/5 [[pJCPolis]] meeting

I feel like I've been running with Plurality/AI for the past two weeks.
- 3/24 English FIX, special shout out [/plurality-japanese/special shout out](https://scrapbox.io/plurality-japanese/special shout out).
- 3/25 Received OK for translation from Hiroo Yamagata
- 3/30 Plurality presented at Namera Conference
    - Ken Suzuki + Yusuke Narita mentioned it in their talk session, so I think we achieved our goal of having Mr. Narita recognize it.
- 4/2 Plurality Japan community vector search created and released
- 4/4 Released ⿻Plurality Assistant, a chatbot that connects Vector Search API to GPTs
    - Glen: We need one for English too!
    - I wrote a few things internally.
    - I'm sure everyone has forgotten, but the concept we talked about in the 2023/7~2023/8 lab study sessions is starting to take shape.
        - Community-Centered AI Construction Project [/omoikane/"Community-Centered AI Construction" Project](https://scrapbox.io/omoikane/"Community-Centered AI Construction" Project).
        - Omoikane Study Group [[Omoikane Study Group]].

Other
- [[Azure Tech Day ~March 2024 Edition~]]

Today is the deadline for applications for Unexplored Junior, so the judging begins here.
- I'll be well rested.


---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2024-04-06~2024-04-14](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2024-04-06~2024-04-14) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.