---
title: "Weekly journal 2024-11-06~2024-11-10"
---

prev  [[Weekly journal 2024-10-28~2024-11-06]]
What did you do last week?
- Writing a summary of [in-house TTTC
        - [[Examples of Broad Listening Applications within Cybozu]]
- Remaining work on the public opinion map
    - I was wondering if it would be possible to create a detailed map for the ones with the most people.
    - At first I was thinking of keeping PCA and increasing the k of k-means, but then I decided to try [UMAP the opinion vectors
    - Past Case Studies
            - [[Opinion cluster analysis of 110,000 people]] did an analysis fixing K=5, not very interesting
            - [[Polis-like visualization of the 2022 House of Councillors election]] would be two in Polis, but it's actually one lump, which I thought would be a limitation of PCA.
    - As a comparative ease of use, I UMAPed the data used in the "Polis-like Visualization of the 2022 House of Councillors Election".
            - [[UMAP visibility for the 2022 Upper House election]]
        - Overwhelmingly and clearly divided.
    - I did the same thing with 110,000 data and it wasn't very interesting: [[110,000 UMAP]].
        - This, too, well, I think the structure is such that it cannot be reduced to two dimensions even with UAMP.
- 11/4 [[2024 Junior Researchers' Report Meeting]].

What to do this week
- I've done a lot of broad listening from opinion vectors, so I want to do broad listening from text.
- However, now that we have the final data for the poll map, I'd like to analyze that as well.
- It's Wednesday now, so there's not much of the week left.

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2024-11-06~2024-11-10](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2024-11-06~2024-11-10) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.