---
title: "Weekly journal 2023-08-28~2023-09-02"
---

prev  [[Weekly journal 2023-08-21~2023-08-28]]

2023-08-28 10:00
- Although the period is a little short and it is a Monday, I decided that it is appropriate to make a break here since it is the time to return to normal operations after three consecutive camps and a rest after returning from those camps.

What we did last week

- I created a version of the reading notes while reading a locally placed file.
    - Current reading notes: [Gist](https://gist.github.com/nishio/23750d2efaf6ef8601d6a8735ecb279c)
        - Version in which the unit of information input is rows instead of chunks
        - Of the 956 lines in total, the most recent reads lines 367 to 405.
    - At this point, I have not yet done a vector search against my Scrapbox.
        - Questions about workflow have arisen.
            - Shouldn't the book content be included in the vector index first?
            - I've decided to implement the reading order from the head by analogy with the way humans read, but is that really appropriate?
                - I'm beginning to think it's not.
                - Reading from the beginning is not a good way to read, even for humans.
                - I think it would be better to do an analogy of [[Whole Mind System]].
    - Pending once I try to do another experiment that I can do with my phone as I get home from the camp.

- AI notes on Scrapbox can be progressed in multiple pages in parallel ([[multi-head]]).
    - Tried "22 parallel, 1 hour update" as an experiment on the train home from the camp.
    - This did not produce the expected results due to a bug.
        - [[diary2023-08-23#64e5e5c2aff09e000006b924]]
    - Moving during waking hours doesn't sound good.
        - > I get a release notification from Github at 16:07, but then GPT4 runs 20 after this, huh? So the overwrite will run in about 30 minutes? That's hard to write... I should still move when I'm sleeping --- [[diary 2023-08-23#64e5b04eaff09e00004978a3]]
    - Regarding frequency and quantity
        - Especially in the early stages, it was overcapacity for me as well, due to the fact that people did not know what to do and mass-produced pages with miscellaneous keywords to observe what would happen, and by the fact that it was 22 pages in parallel!
            - It could have something to do with fatigue from the camp.
        - Right now, as a quick implementation, I'm randomly selecting 10 items from the target page.
        - In earnest, I think [[Spaced Repetition update]] is a good idea.
            - The [[Spaced Repetition]] mechanism means that the renewal target is selected.
            - Naming has room for improvement.
            - Associated with [[Incremental Reading]], [Incremental Writing

There is one more concept that does not have a clear name, but is important.
- AI named: [[page memory]].
    - [[page memory]] is difficult to see the value in the short term, but clearly beneficial in the long term




8/21  [[multi-head]]
    - [[page memory]]
8/23 Ignore used pages from all history
8/25 Update page limit
8/26  [[Pinning effect on the topic]]
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2023-08-28~2023-09-02](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2023-08-28~2023-09-02) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.