---
title: "Weekly journal 2024-11-10~2024-11-17"
---

prev:  [[Weekly journal 2024-11-06~2024-11-10]]
- I'll switch back to a short but weekend switching cycle to get back on track.

I wrote last time, "Things to do this week."
- > We've done a lot of broad listening from opinion vectors, so we want to do broad listening from text.
    - I've thought about it, but I haven't moved my hands on it.
            - [[Broad Listening from Text Format Data]]
- > However, now that we have the final data for the public opinion map, I'd like to analyze that as well.
        - [[Public Opinion Map 3970 UMAP]]
    - I had trouble dealing with the [[high-dimensional mud pie]] in the center.
            - [[Should UMAP results be clustered?]]
        - Taught: [[Careful clustering of tSNE results]].
            - The idea at the end of "[Should UMAP results be clustered?" for handling [[high-dimensional mud pie]] was deemed nonsensical as a result of calling "[[Careful clustering of tSNE results]]". I'm wondering what I should do about the next action.
        - Solving simple problems for better understanding.
                - [[Distance of high-dimensional normal distribution has mean √D, variance 0.7]]
                - [[antagonistic dimension]]
                - [[Mathematical multidimensional spiky spikes]]
    - As for broad listening from text format data, if the clusters are not appropriate, the [[AI explanation of clusters]] will also be poor.


What to do this week
- For now, let's take it easy on the UMAP for the public opinion map since it is a stretch goal, and update the WebUI with the final version of the data once it is updated ✅.
- There may be more high-priority discussions at the meeting scheduled for later in the day.
    - It wasn't much.
- If you have time, take time to think about [[Broad Listening from Text Format Data]], [[External Brain]], [[Teaching AI the KJ Method]], etc. in particular.
    - I'm getting more referrals from all over the world, and I'm being asked to write about various things, but I'm too busy to write in English, so I should proceed with the [[Scrapbox Automatic Translation]] project, and maybe I should become fluent in Chinese, Malay, and Vietnamese as well as English. Maybe it would be better to become not only English, but also Chinese, Malay, and Vietnamese.
        - Related: [[Look East Policy]].
    - Maybe we can improve the UI of [[mem.nhiro.org]].
- It looks like we're making a lot of progress, so let's get a grasp of the current status of Plurality's Japanese translations.
    - Also try [Difference between DBSCAN and HDBSCAN

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2024-11-10~2024-11-17](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2024-11-10~2024-11-17) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.