---
title: "Weekly journal 2023-03-22~2023-03-31"
---

prev  [[Weekly note 2023-03-11 to 2023-03-21]]
- Previous Weekly Journal, 10 days long? Isn't that long? Why?
    - 3/11 was Saturday, whereas this time it is Saturday + Monday paid holiday + Tuesday, so 3 days longer.
- What did you do last week?
    - Keichobot with summary function using ChatGPT.
        - Ability to summarize chat logs at appropriate times and suggest next actions
        - I feel it's worth it, but the ChatGPT API is so heavy that it causes timeouts in Heroku and fails about 60% of the time.
        - Normal Keichobot also works with special commands.
    - Scrapbox ChatGPT Connector improvements
        - Conversation continuity function
            - At the time of release, it was a question and answer.
            - If you do it simply, you fail to weight the "context of the conversation" and the "references" and you quickly forget the context of the conversation.
            - I've managed to get it to work, but I don't know how to properly address it.
        - Round-table discussion function
            - When I published the index data I created from Scrapbox, a number of people published the same data, so I wrote a code that considered them as virtual personalities and asked a single question to multiple personalities.
            - You can summon a lot of people with different backgrounds [[to brainstorm alone]].


---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2023-03-22~2023-03-31](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2023-03-22~2023-03-31) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.