---
title: "Weekly journal 2024-04-29~2024-05-12"
---

prev  [[Weekly journal 2024-04-23~2024-04-29]]
2024-04-29~2024-05-12

2024-04-29
I took Monday off because I was tired of having events on both Saturday and Sunday, but that night I realized that I was in charge of presenting at the company study session on Friday.

We did a little preparation on Tuesday with various meetings and coordination, and then we did [[Plurality Study Session 1]] on Wednesday-Thursday.
    - [[Fractal Summary]] is a great tool for documentation.
- I didn't get to the point where I had a fractal summary of the material if I proceeded to supplement the high context with questions.

I feel much more tired.

Tomorrow is scheduled for work day
- My wife and I feel that we don't want to go out during Golden Week because it is crowded everywhere, so there is little need to make it a consecutive holiday.
- Include the day's discussion in the workshop materials.
- There was a lot of slapstick and the map needs to be updated to reflect current conditions.
    - I'm thinking at this point we should look back at a range of 3 months or 6 months or a year.

Chrome crashed at this time, and also failed to restore the tabs, the working memory is gone (don't use tabs as working memory).
- I'll do it again tomorrow while I get my head straight.

---

2024-05-12
Today is the last day of interviews for unexplored junior

looking back
- I spent all of Golden Week interviewing for an unexplored junior
- Interview video -> transcription -> summary in Claude, very good
- I made [[NISHIO Hirokazu's Assistant]].
- [[LENCHI_Day6]]

> [nishio](https://twitter.com/nishio/status/1789650947062501622/quick_promote_web/intro) I finished the interview for Unexplored Junior and my personal challenge to "send everyone pre- and post- feedback"! I finished the interviews and my personal challenge of "sending pre- and post-feedback to everyone"!

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2024-04-29~2024-05-12](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2024-04-29~2024-05-12) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.