---
title: "Weekly journal 2023-11-23~2023-12-03"
---

prev  [[Weekly journal 2023-11-12~2023-11-23]]

- Forgot to switch to weekend Sunday 19.
- I thought we could put it all together this weekend, but I remembered today, Thursday, that this weekend is irregular due to a training camp.
    - Today, November 23, is a national holiday.

A look back at what we did last week
- I guess I slept through a bad headache on Sunday the 19th, the original switchover time, so the update never took place.
- The week before that, I was preparing for and participating in [[Cybozu Days 2023-11-09]], and my brain condition did not recover on Saturday and Sunday, so I took a paid day off on 11/13 to clear my head.
        - [[Diary 2023-11-13]]
    - The concept of [[reader AI]] was born out of this.
    - We were just going through the motions, and then we came up with [[from_scrapbox]].
        - Experiment in parallel with trying [GPT Builder
        - I did a small amount of manual work on 11/19 to observe the roughly formed system before doing it fully automatic first.
        - Based on that observation, it took the form of from_scrapbox (last week).
        - I'm still just getting the container, but the direction is becoming clearer.
    - I have a pile of thoughts that I haven't organized because my hands are full with the above: [[Nodal Point of Thought 2023-11-18]].
- Last week, in parallel, I was working on materials for an internal study group.
    - This was a rare case of "drafting a manuscript in a state not open to the public outside the company".
    - I'll cut out the parts that could be made public and go later, but how much will it be?

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2023-11-23~2023-12-03](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2023-11-23~2023-12-03) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.