---
title: "Weekly journal 2024-01-11~2024-01-27"
---

prev  [[Weekly note 2023-12-31~2024-01-11]]

Thursday, 1/11
- I forgot to switch my weekly journal on Saturday and Sunday.
    - 1/6~8 (Fri-Sat-Sun) probably because I attended the Programming Symposium #prosym65
- The year-end and New Year's holidays are usually a time to rest and think about long-term plans, but I've been slammed and haven't been able to do so.
        - I wrote about [[Switching Weekly Journal]], indicating that the timing of the switching of weekly journals indicates that you are in a state of mind that allows you to look back.
    - I know it's already Thursday, but I'm a little confused about whether to do it next Saturday or Sunday.
    - Then I looked at my calendar and decided to do it now, since I'm scheduled for both Saturday and Sunday.

What did you do last week?
- Finished LT slides on 1/31 and shared with Glen: [[Words as Public Goods]].
    - Nice! I got a comment saying
- At midnight on 1/2, "Do you want to meet Glen today?" and I'll join him.
- 1/3 [[Glen in Japan]] participation
- 1/4- Collecting and translating various materials and videos
- 1/6-8 Participation in Programming Symposium
- 1/9 Start work slowly
    - Decides he should take a break.
- 1/10 Holiday: Visit [National Museum of Emerging Science and Innovation
- 1/11 Holiday: go to Dr.Strech
    - [/plurality-japanese/Glen in Japan Panel Discussion Summary](https://scrapbox.io/plurality-japanese/Glen in Japan Panel Discussion Summary)Release
    - What I noticed in the process of summarizing: [[Political Participation in Small Communities]].

Long-term
- The GPT version of this Scrapbox Scrapbox translation has not yet been released
    - Not needed right now, so it's a lower priority.
- Glen in Japan's organization of exchanges is useful
    - Create summaries and provide feedback to the world
- [[Words as Public Goods English Replay(WIP)]]
    - I wish we could do a version with English audio.
- vector search
    - The current Plurality vector search is a jumble of English and Chinese, and the user value is subtle.
    - I have machine-translated bilingual data, so it would be nice to be able to check English and Chinese from the hits I get from a search in Japanese.
    - The prototype was made last June or so, but it's now being done to hit smaller units instead of chunks of 500 tokens and load the parent chunks into the context, and I feel comfortable with that, so I'd like to implement it.
- machine translation
    - The code I created for the GPT translation of this project allows you to specify the translation correspondence
    - I'd like to see that feature on the Plurality side.
        - Because deliberation becomes deliberation.

I realized I'd forgotten to switch my weekly journal, but there wasn't time.
- [[Social Hack Day]]
    - [[Owase 2024-01-23~24]]


---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/週記2024-01-11~2024-01-27](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/週記2024-01-11~2024-01-27) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.