---
title: "β100"
---

- Purchase Intention Survey
- Prototype according to the actual buying process
    - Prepare a mock-up storefront or website
- Reduce the cost of creation by dividing the prototype into three parts
        - [[Three prototypes of function, appearance, and context]]

Case 1 (B2C)
- Renting out an electronics store
- Putting appearance prototypes on the shelf
- Place catalogs and pop-ups (contextual prototypes)
- No need to prototype features because consumer electronics retailers usually buy without trying features
- Fake magazines and TV commercials available.
    - We can look for differences between the groups that saw it and those that didn't.
Case 2 (B2B)
- If a product requires a higher-level decision, design it with that process in mind.
- Research to identify medical equipment needs
- Exterior prototypes installed.
- Prototypes to confirm functionality are also available.
- Prepare spec sheets and instructions as contextual prototypes
    - However, the majority of the instructions are for the previous product, with only the new features inserted post-its.
    - Handed out pre-order sheets, special offers available if you book here.
- →40% of people purchase action


What users value
- Feature
- design
- story

---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/β100](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/β100) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.