---
title: "2023-08-18 02:37"
---

___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___
### Digest of research notes
.

Fragmentation and multifaceted association of information is important, and new meaning is created by "softly meshing" them together. This is done by creating new bonds in symbols that are not normally connected to create a felt meaning that cannot be expressed by existing symbols. It is also possible to export and use some data from groupware to which AI does not have full access, which demonstrates the need for an "AI Dejima".

### Insights from fragments
.

Nishio's notes reveal a discussion of information fragmentation and multifaceted associations. In particular, the idea that a "big blurry lump" can be broken down by adding new labels, and that more information can be isolated by adding more information, is closely related to my research. Through concrete examples, the paper also suggests the problems of using abstract language and the dangers of assigning abstract concepts by discarding the concrete parts.

### Considerations and questions

A deeper understanding of the process of how information fragmentation and multifaceted associations create new meaning is needed. The specific form and function of the "AI Dejima," which exports data from groupware to which AI does not have full access, also needs to be further explored, although Nishio's notes provide a new perspective on the process of information fragmentation and multifaceted associations, How these can be integrated and incorporated into concrete methods and tools will be a challenge for the future.

### extra info
json size: 40754163
pickle size: 735437681
previous notes size: 317
previous notes: [[2023-08-18 02:27]]
titles: KJ method study group @ Loftwork Q&A, Process of understanding difficult sentences, Keep going even if you can't connect, Difference between chat writing and KJ method: time series, Paraphrasing and not thinking, Hatena2013-04-03
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023-08-18 02:37](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023-08-18 02:37) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.