---
title: "2023-08-17 07:08"
---

___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___
Exploring the relationship between "felt meaning" and "symbols," he recognized the importance of information fragmentation and multifaceted associations. Problems arose when they had different rotation speeds, and "softness" was considered necessary. Balancing the written word and associative atmosphere forms a metaphor for new meaning. When existing symbols could not accurately express the meaning felt, a new bond was created between symbols that would not normally be connected, which was described as a "soft bite".

How do expressions such as "blur," "process," "river," and "motion" affect the fragmentation and multifaceted association of information and their "soft meshing?" The "river" is a metaphor for the process scheme, and moyamoya indicates softness. However, humans are anxious about being unsettled, anxious about not having a firm foothold.

From Nishio's research notes, we found a discussion of "felt meaning," the existence of "moyamoya" and the mutual influence of words and moyamoya. I also found a discussion of the expressions "process," "river," and "movement. These are relevant to my research and worth considering in depth.

New thought: Considering Nishio's discussion of the relationship between "felt meaning" and "symbols," expressions such as "blur," "process," "river," and "movement" may play an important role in fragmenting information, associating multiple angles, and their "soft meshing. Combining these elements would form a metaphor that would generate new meanings.

### extra info
json size: 40995024
pickle size: 776944170
previous notes size: 416
previous notes: [[2023-08-16 19:30]]
titles: 2023-08-16 19:30, Virtual Reality for Civic Deliberation, Hatena2014-02-12, Lasso selection of stickies and paths, Duplicate marriages, Hatena2010-04-07 -05-04, Collection of useless knowledge generated in the process of document creation and verification of possibility of utilization
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023-08-17 07:08](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023-08-17 07:08) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.