---
title: "2023-08-12 00:51"
---

___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___
## own research notes
.
2023-08-13 00:39

## A discussion of the history of threads and concurrency
.
- The concept of threads existed at least as early as 1965, but before then they were called "processes. This "process" differed from a process in the current Unix sense, which had shared memory and used semaphores to control exclusivity.
- In 1970 Max Smith prototyped threads on Multics, which was an attempt to have multiple stacks in a single weight process.
- The originator of "threads" in programming languages was probably PL/I (1965-) by IBM, which had the syntax `CALL XXX (A, B) TASK;'. This forks a thread for XXX.
- With the advent of Unix, the term "process" came to be used to mean "thread + virtual address space.
- QUESTION: How have the changing concepts of threads and processes affected the evolution of information processing? And how will these concepts evolve in the future?

## Discussion on the content of the midterm presentation
.
- In your midterm presentation, you need to talk about your project. This project is to create a digital stationery device that organizes thoughts by rearranging pieces of information.
- As a result of the user testing, there seems to be some confusion about what to talk about. However, sharing the results of the user testing and the process of the user testing in the interim presentation seems to be an effective way to show the progress of the project.
- QUESTION: What should you talk about in your interim presentation? How will you organize and present the results of the user test and the process?

### extra info
json size: 40646317
pickle size: 735437681
previous notes size: 423
previous notes: [[2023-08-12 00:39]]
titles:  [[History of threading (or rather concurrency)]] ,  [[I need to organize what to say at the midterm presentation.]]
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023-08-12 00:51](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023-08-12 00:51) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.