---
title: "2023-08-12 01:06"
---

## Discussion on contextual proto and insight
.
This section reviews the 2020 activities and discusses the relevance of the contextual proto and the insights presented in the design research textbook. Contextual prototypes are prototypes to test whether users perceive value in a story, while insights are about the participants in the design process. These two elements have the potential to produce more effective designs when both the user and the design process are taken into account.

## Abstraction Warning
.
Abstraction is not necessarily a good thing. It is important to keep labels as hooks for recalling concrete things and as long as possible to be able to associate with various things. It is important to increase the chances of associative connections rather than abstract concepts. This is also related to the associative meaning of words to make connections and why the KJ method from the survey is so difficult.

## "To err and not change, this is called an error"
.
A quote from The Analects. Making mistakes is human nature and inevitable. However, to recognize the mistake and not change it is the true mistake. This is an important lesson for the research and design process as well.

other
- On the definition of "beauty" in the design and research process

___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___



### Hatena2009-07-14 notes
A variety of topics are documented, including the case of the iPhone being called "not a phone" and the issue of how to represent the Perfect Shuffle as a compatible product. The Perfect Shuffle problem, in particular, may prompt some thought about the definition of "beauty" in the design and research process, from the perspective of how to define the beauty of a combination.

### extra info
json size: 40650430
pickle size: 735437681
previous notes size: 13
previous notes: [[2023-08-12 00:51]]
titles:  [[Context Proto and Insights]] ,  [[You're abstracting too much.]] ,  [[err and not change one's ways, this is what it is to err]] , [[Hatena2009-07-14]]
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023-08-12 01:06](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023-08-12 01:06) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.