---
title: "2023-08-18 02:22"
---

Exploring the relationship between "felt meaning" and "symbols," he recognized the importance of information fragmentation and multifaceted associations. Problems arose when they had different rotation speeds, and "softness" was considered necessary. Balancing the written word and associative atmosphere forms a metaphor for new meaning. When existing symbols could not accurately express the meaning felt, a new bond was created between symbols that would not normally be connected, which was described as a "soft bite".

How do expressions such as "blur," "process," "river," and "motion" affect the fragmentation and multifaceted association of information and their "soft meshing?" The "river" is a metaphor for the process scheme, and moyamoya indicates softness. However, humans are anxious about being unsettled, anxious about not having a firm foothold.
- Expressions such as "blur," "process," "river," and "movement" are thought to play an important role in the fragmentation and multifaceted association of information, as well as their "soft meshing." Combined, these elements could form a metaphor that generates new meanings.

from  [[Diary 2023-08-17]]
I'm currently using Scrapbox for ease of use, but the Scrapbox part can be abstracted.
- Initial input need not be random.
    - It could evolve from a note written by a human being.
    - Can be a keyword search result
- Data source does not have to be Scrapbox
    - For example, a book would be [reading notebook
    - For example, some data can be exported from groupware to which AI does not have full access.
- The write destination does not have to be Scrapbox.
    - Other groupware or social networking sites may be used.
    - Can be a local file.

> For example, some data can be exported from groupware to which AI does not have full access.
- This is important.
    - The debate over whether to give AI full access to groupware arises similarly among many client companies
    - Most customers will not turn on "something they don't perceive value in unless it is turned on, but may be at risk if it is turned on."
- That's why we need "[[AI Dejima]]".
    - Access to AI is explicitly limited, and within that limited scope, you can interact with AI.
    - For smaller projects with explicit task force objectives, the data that would be useful for the progress of the project would be exported separately and put into Dejima.
    - Because the data source is not limited to a single application in kintone, it is possible to discover relationships between records in multiple applications and between them and related documents
        - Developmental value.



___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___
Exploring the relationship between "felt meaning" and "symbols," he recognized the importance of information fragmentation and multifaceted associations. Problems arose when they had different rotation speeds, and "softness" was considered necessary. Balancing the written word and associative atmosphere forms a metaphor for new meaning. When existing symbols could not accurately express the meaning felt, a new bond was created between symbols that would not normally be connected, which was described as a "soft bite".

How do expressions such as "blur," "process," "river," and "motion" affect the fragmentation and multifaceted association of information and their "soft meshing?" The "river" is a metaphor for the process scheme, and moyamoya indicates softness. However, humans are anxious about being unsettled, anxious about not having a firm foothold.

From Nishio's research notes, we found a discussion of "felt meaning," the existence of "moyamoya" and the mutual influence of words and moyamoya. I also found a discussion of the expressions "process," "river," and "movement. These are relevant to my research and worth considering in depth.

New thought: Considering Nishio's discussion of the relationship between "felt meaning" and "symbols," expressions such as "blur," "process," "river," and "movement" may play an important role in fragmenting information, associating multiple angles, and their "soft meshing. Combining these elements would form a metaphor that would generate new meanings.

### extra info
json size: 40754163
pickle size: 735437681
previous notes size: 714
previous notes: [[2023-08-17 07:08]]
TITLES: Kozaneba:IOFI, "Experiential Processes and the Creation of Meaning" Study Group 2, A is non-A and thereby A, Hatena2008-09-22, A readable article, In short, balance
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023-08-18 02:22](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023-08-18 02:22) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.