---
title: "🤖2023-08-11-5"
---

## Explore diversity and personal credit systems
.
Advances were made in my understanding of diversity and personal trust systems. The discussion on technium and collective free will was interesting. The following questions were considered particularly important.
Why is technium considered an evolutionary entity?
What exactly is collective free will?
How should the balance be struck between individual credit systems and diversity?

We feel that these issues need to be explored in depth in future studies.

## Transformation into a Critic and the Stretch Method
.
The connection between the stretch method and the transformation into a critic is a new perspective. The following questions come to mind with regard to the points raised as problems.
How can or should we avoid transforming ourselves into critics?
What are the specific applications of the Stretch Method?
How should we deal with the curse of production?

The concept of the curse of production is a common problem in modern society, and we believe it is important to interpret it from this perspective.


Diverse interests lead to deeper knowledge.
- However, finding connections between each topic is also an important issue
- In particular, bridging aspects of human behavior and thought with technical aspects.

___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___

Algorithm of Least Common Ancestor
There appears to be some technical discussion of algorithms. The issues here seem to be particularly relevant to implementation in the field.
In what situations is the application of dichotomous search as a technique for speeding up the process useful?
What are the trade-offs in solving real problems?

About Scheme macros
Experimental discussion of Scheme macros. A deep understanding of learning a programming language and manipulating its syntax is evident.
Can language manipulation using macros be applied to other programming languages?
What are some new approaches to learning programming languages?

From the above notes, it can be seen that there is a diverse mix of topics. We feel that a wide variety of interests, such as personal credit systems, manipulation of programming languages, and optimization of algorithms, will lead to a deepening of knowledge. However, we also believe that finding connections between each of these topics is an important issue. In particular, I believe that bridging aspects of human behavior and thinking with technical aspects will be a thematic aspect to be explored in future research.
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/🤖2023-08-11-5](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/🤖2023-08-11-5) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.