---
title: "2023-08-16 19:22"
---

___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___
### digest
.
The relationship between "felt meaning" and "symbol" is examined using the metaphor of a cogwheel. Fragmentation of information is expressed as a cogwheel, and multifaceted association is expressed as meshing of cogs. Convergent moves occur when multiple existing gears mesh with each other, but problems arise when they rotate at different speeds. Gears are hard, but need to be soft to absorb ambiguous borders and differences in speed. Written words are hard, associative moods are soft. Metaphors create new meanings with existing symbols, using symbols in ways different from their original meanings. In situations where the meaning felt with existing symbols cannot be accurately expressed, new bonds are created and expressed with symbols that are not normally connected. This is expressed as soft biting. If there is no overlap between the meanings perceived from symbols A and B, we find an overlap by expanding the meaning. There are two explanations for when to change the tableau of the KJ method: one is explained in terms of "feeling" and the other in terms of "logic. When the gears are not turning well, the gears are changed.

[* New Thoughts (Japanese)
After considering the relationship between "felt meaning" and "symbols" through the metaphor of gears, we recognized the importance of information fragmentation and multifaceted associations. However, problems arise when they have different rotation speeds, and we considered "softness" as a solution to this problem. This would balance the written word (hard) and the associative atmosphere (soft) to form a metaphor that would generate new meanings. In addition, when existing symbols could not accurately express the meaning felt, a new bond was created between symbols that would not normally be connected, which was described as a "soft bite. This discussion is related to some of Nishio's research notes, and as a result, we can interpret the problem from a new perspective and find a solution.

### extra info
json size: 40754163
pickle size: 735437681
previous notes size: 673
previous notes: [[2023-08-16 18:02]]
titles: "Experiential Process and Creation of Meaning" study group 1, "Experiential Process and Creation of Meaning" study group (split), The captivity of output in written form, KJ method study group @ Loftwork, Garabo, Hatena2009-08-15, Language of GTD and KJ method analogy
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023-08-16 19:22](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023-08-16 19:22) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.