---
title: "2023-08-16 17:28"
---

___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___
### digest
.

The relationship between "felt meaning" and "symbols" is discussed using the gear metaphor. It is consistent with the idea that the creation of meaning is efficient when information is properly fragmented and multifaceted associations are made. However, it remains unexplored how this metaphor represents the "fuzzy borders" of "felt meaning" and how it explains the "convergence" of discussion and thought processes in AI-human interaction.

[* New Thoughts (Japanese)

How does the "cog parable" describe the "ambiguous borders" of "felt meaning" in the process of organizing and interpreting information? This is a difficult question, but it seems to me that there is an ambiguous state of "likely to mesh" rather than a dichotomy of gears meshing or not meshing. Also, in the world of physical metaphors for gears, there is "it's not good if they mesh as they are because they rotate at different speeds. What this corresponds to remains to be seen.

And how does this "cog parable" explain the "convergence" of arguments and thought processes in AI-human interactions? If we follow the definition of "convergent moves," a convergent move is when a cog meshes with several existing cogs. However, we need to consider more deeply whether this concept is appropriate.

### extra info
json size: 40754163
pickle size: 735437681
previous notes size: 577
previous notes: [[2023-08-16 07:07]]
titles: Hatena2008-02-19, Hatena2008-09-16, Hatena2011-03-12, Diary2022-01-31, Stable Diffusion environment building, Chat CSS
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023-08-16 17:28](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023-08-16 17:28) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.