---
title: "2023-08-12 02:49"
---

___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___
## Research Notes

The idea that abstraction is not necessarily a good thing indicates the importance of keeping hooks for recalling concrete things and being able to associate with a wide variety of things. This is also related to the associative meaning of words to connect with and why the KJ method from the survey is so difficult. In addition, the quote from the Analects of Confucius, "To err and not amend, this is called a mistake," indicates the teaching that making mistakes is human nature in itself and unavoidable, but recognizing the mistake and not amending it is the true mistake. I feel this is an important lesson to be learned in the research and design process as well.

The idea of recruiting directors from within the company is based on the point that the position of director usually serves as an expert in management skills and an elder in the internal order, but this is not the case for Cybozu's openly recruited directors. While there are concerns about delays in decision-making and bias caused by having more directors, Cybozu's culture of "try it and stop if a problem becomes apparent" suggests that if something goes wrong, you can just stop. This may be related to the suggestion of backing up the map itself easily. There is a suggestion that it would be good if the map itself could be easily duplicated and backed up to cover situations where you want to make a major configuration change but are afraid to do so. This was essentially impossible when we were working on paper, but digitization has made it possible. Backups would have the effect of alleviating the fear of making changes.

The idea about anti-fragility is to take safeguards in one area (= robust against negative black swans) and take lots of limited risks in another area to get big gains from big wins (= leaving positive black swans). This is believed to achieve anti-fragility. Taleb also states that anti-fragility is about having options. Options are what make us anti-fragile. The idea that "options allow us to benefit from the positive side of uncertainty without being seriously harmed by the negative side of uncertainty" is an important perspective in risk management.

The concept of derailment = association = new combined discovery is considered an important process for generating new perspectives and ideas. This is considered an important process for increasing freedom of thought and generating new perspectives and ideas.

The idea of when to change the front cover of the KJ method (the creation process) is presented as "exciting" because it creates "something new" that was not expected. This is considered an important process for generating new perspectives and ideas.

The relationship between the SECI model and the PDCA cycle is mentioned, with the assertion [[S-PDCA]] that S ([[collaboration]]) is necessary before PDCA. This is because a plan is made by formalizing tacit knowledge that has not been verbalized and combining it, and if the tacit knowledge is not collaborated and shared in advance, it will become an "[[Unconvincing plan]]".

## Fragment
### ABC179
    - But I had not yet organized my own code only for the relative segment tree...
    - I was in a hurry because I had 10 minutes left.
- There is also the possibility of bisecting the point at which the value changes.
    - But Python's bisect requires a sorted array.
    - That's not good, because this problem condition would cause an insertion into the array, which would be O(N).
    - Essentially, I should be prepared to immediately retrieve and use an equilibrium binary tree that can be used in Python...
    - For this problem only, "no addition to other than the beginning is necessary", so if you have it in reverse order, you get O(1) with the tail addition, but it's tricky.
- Version to hold in reverse order and search for two minutes
python

```
def main():
    from bisect import bisect_left
    N, Q = map(int, input().split())
    ret = (N - 2) ** 2
    xs = [-N]
    xvals = [N - 2]
    ys = [-N]
    yvals = [N - 2]
    for _q in range(Q):
        q, x = map(int, input().split())
        if q == 1:
            i = bisect_left(xs, -x)
            ret -= xvals[i - 1]
            if i == len(xs) and yvals[-1] > x - 2:
                ys.append(-xvals[i - 1] - 2)
                yvals.append(x - 2)
        else:
            y = x
            i = bisect_left(ys, -y)
            ret -= yvals[i - 1]
            if i == len(ys) and xvals[-1] > y - 2:
                xs.append(-yvals[i - 1] - 2)
                xvals.append(y - 2)

    print(ret)
```

- I'm not sure if [[dual segment tree]] would have been sufficient, but there are a lot of people solving this problem with a lazy segment tree, so I guess it would have been better to use a lazy segment tree.

### Cases of procrastination in requests
The reason I consider the above "pretext" to be a pretext is that the phenomenon of "procrastinating by not doing it" would not occur if there was a chance of achieving it if you did it yourself.
"I don't have enough time resources" also often means "I can't make a decision to prioritize allocating time resources because the expectation of what I can get is so low." A common occurrence when the statement "[[I don't have time.]]" is observed.

### extra info
json size: 40673012
pickle size: 735437681
previous notes size: 1314
previous notes: [[2023-08-12 02:30]]
titles: [[ABC179]],  [[Cases of procrastination in requests]] , [[ppoi]], [[AGC032B]], [[Hatena2009-04-26]],  [[What is "Clean Language as a Board Game?"]] , [[Hatena2009-05-14]],  [[First tweet GLSL]]
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023-08-12 02:49](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023-08-12 02:49) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.