---
title: "2023-08-13 20:01"
---

The following story is not very interesting, so I put the data from [[Kozaneba:Neri Neri]] and generated the following
- Next [[2023-08-13 22:09]].

___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___

### Digest

Utilize the KJ method to form teamwork by bringing together relevant elements and people in one place. As the size of an organization increases, the balance between majority and minority groups changes, which affects teamwork; understand how AI assistance can affect teamwork and explore the possibility of forming effective teamwork even in large organizations.

### New
 Thought in Japanese

Nishio's research notes raise the issue of copyright over AI-generated work. This may be related to my research on the impact of AI assistance on teamwork, and I feel it is necessary to consider from a legal perspective how copyright should be handled for the output generated in the process of AI forming teamwork.

A new question: How should copyright be handled for the output generated by AI in the process of forming teamwork?

A new question arose, "How should copyrights be handled for the output generated in the process of AI forming teamwork?" This new question came to my mind.

### extra info
json size: 40754163
pickle size: 735437681
previous notes size: 276
previous notes: [[2023-08-13 19:53]]
TITLES: Early history of copyright, Hatena2009-06-19, Hatena2008-07-27, What test users thought in the process of organizing, Hatena2009-07-20, Hatena2008-12-22, Democratic Inputs to AI
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023-08-13 20:01](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023-08-13 20:01) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.