---
title: "2023-08-16 17:49"
---

___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___
### Digest

The relationship between "felt meaning" and "symbols" is examined through the metaphor of gears. Fragmentation of information and multifaceted associations streamline the creation of meaning. However, it is unclear how this metaphor describes the "fuzzy borders" of "felt meaning" and the "convergence" of discussion and thought processes in AI-human interaction.

[* New Thoughts (Japanese)

How does the "cog parable" describe the "ambiguous border" of "felt meaning?" We believe that there is not a dichotomy of gears meshing or not meshing, but rather an ambiguous state of "they are going to mesh". Also, in the world of physical metaphors for gears, there is "it's not good if they mesh as they are because they rotate at different speeds. What this corresponds to is unclear.

Also, how does the "cog parable" explain the "convergence" of discussion and thought processes in AI-human interactions? If we follow the definition of "convergent moves," then a convergent move is when a cog meshes with several existing cogs. However, we need to consider more deeply whether this concept is appropriate.

### extra info
json size: 40754163
pickle size: 735437681
previous notes size: 588
previous notes: [[2023-08-16 17:28]]
titles: "Experiential Process and Creation of Meaning" study group 1, "Experiential Process and Creation of Meaning" study group 1, "Experiential Process and Creation of Meaning" study group (split), "Experiential Process and Creation of Meaning" study group 1, Kozaneba:IOFI
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023-08-16 17:49](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023-08-16 17:49) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.