---
title: "2023-08-12 02:30"
---


The idea that abstraction is not necessarily a good thing indicates the importance of keeping hooks for recalling concrete things and being able to associate with a wide variety of things. This is also related to the associative meaning of words to connect with and why the KJ method from the survey is so difficult. In addition, the quote from the Analects of Confucius, "To err and not amend, this is called a mistake," indicates the teaching that making mistakes is human nature in itself and unavoidable, but recognizing the mistake and not amending it is the true mistake. I feel this is an important lesson to be learned in the research and design process as well.

The idea of recruiting directors from within the company is based on the point that the position of director usually serves as an expert in management skills and an elder in the internal order, but this is not the case for Cybozu's openly recruited directors. While there are concerns about delays in decision-making and bias caused by having more directors, Cybozu's culture of "try it and stop if a problem becomes apparent" suggests that if something goes wrong, you can just stop. This may be related to the suggestion of backing up the map itself easily. There is a suggestion that it would be good if the map itself could be easily duplicated and backed up to cover situations where you want to make a major configuration change but are afraid to do so. This was essentially impossible when we were working on paper, but digitization has made it possible. Backups would have the effect of alleviating the fear of making changes.

The idea about anti-fragility is to take safeguards in one area (= robust against negative black swans) and take lots of limited risks in another area to get big gains from big wins (= leaving positive black swans). This is believed to achieve anti-fragility. Taleb also states that anti-fragility is about having options. Options are what make us anti-fragile. The idea that "options allow us to benefit from the positive side of uncertainty without being seriously harmed by the negative side of uncertainty" is an important perspective in risk management.

The concept of derailment = association = new combined discovery is considered an important process for generating new perspectives and ideas. This is considered an important process for increasing freedom of thought and generating new perspectives and ideas.

The idea of when to change the front cover of the KJ method (the creation process) is presented as "exciting" because it creates "something new" that was not expected. This is considered an important process for generating new perspectives and ideas.

The relationship between the SECI model and the PDCA cycle is mentioned, with the assertion [[S-PDCA]] that S ([[collaboration]]) is necessary before PDCA. This is because a plan is made by formalizing tacit knowledge that has not been verbalized and combining it, and if the tacit knowledge is not collaborated and shared in advance, it will become an "[[Unconvincing plan]]".

___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___
## My research notes

2023-08-13 02:30

The law on working hours stipulates that workers whose starting and ending times are left to the workers' decision may be required to work in excess of the statutory working hours per week or the statutory working hours per day, to the extent that the working hours do not exceed the statutory working hours, if there is a labor union organized by a majority of the workers at the workplace, or if there is no labor union organized by a majority of the workers at the workplace, then a written agreement with a person representing a majority of the workers. In cases where there is no labor union organized by a majority of the workers at the workplace, a written agreement with a person representing a majority of the workers may allow workers to work in excess of the legal working hours per week or per day, to the extent that the working hours per week do not exceed the legal working hours. This provision is considered to protect workers' rights while allowing flexibility in working hours.

The above information reveals important elements in the knowledge creation and decision-making process, such as knowledge sharing, discovery of new perspectives, and risk management perspectives. Combining these elements to design more effective knowledge creation and decision-making processes will lead to higher productivity in knowledge work.

### extra info
json size: 40665630
pickle size: 735437681
previous notes size: 754
previous notes: [[2023-08-12 01:16]]
titles:  [[working hours]] ,  [[antivulnerability]] ,  [[Derailment = association = new combined discovery]] ,  [[When to change the front page of the KJ method (creation process)]] , [[Hatena2008-02-19]],  [[KJ Method Study Session @ Cybozu]] ,  [[Micra JE Diary]] ,  [[SECI Model and PDCA Cycle]] ,  [[Interpretive sway of proximity of meaning]] , [[Hatena2008-12-02]], [[Hatena2008-10-25]]
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023-08-12 02:30](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023-08-12 02:30) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.