---
title: "2023-08-14 10:23"
---

___BELOW_IS_LESS_INTERESTING___
Clarifying the rules of human-AI interaction through the use of online platforms has the potential to gather diverse perspectives and feedback and generate new ideas; AI serves to "converge" human discussions and thought processes, and visualizing these processes deepens understanding of the issues. Facilitate discussions using methods such as the KJ method to deepen the interaction between humans and AI. In addition, the tool Kozaneba will be used to fragment information and relate it from multiple perspectives to create new structures. This will deepen the organization and interpretation of information and contribute to the creation of meaning. Furthermore, we will use a learning method called Spaced Repetition to organize information along a time axis.

[* New Idea (Japanese)

Clarifying the rules of human-AI interaction through the use of online platforms has the potential to gather diverse perspectives and feedback and generate new ideas; AI serves to "converge" human discussions and thought processes, and visualizing these processes deepens understanding of the issues. Facilitate discussions using methods such as the KJ method to deepen the interaction between humans and AI. In addition, the tool Kozaneba will be used to fragment information and relate it from multiple perspectives to create new structures. This will deepen the organization and interpretation of information and contribute to the creation of meaning. Furthermore, we will use a learning method called Spaced Repetition to organize information along a time axis.


### extra info
json size: 40754163
pickle size: 735437681
previous notes size: 835
previous notes: [[2023-08-13 22:09]]
TITLES: Walking eyes and airplane eyes, Life turnaround, Hatena2010-05-04, Nodes of Thought2023-02-19, Dominion 2022-02-21, Those who avoid IT literacy will end up waiting in long lines
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/2023-08-14 10:23](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/2023-08-14 10:23) using DeepL. If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.