---
title: "🤖2023-08-10"
---

We have picked out a few interesting items from the recently updated pages.

First is the page entitled "I Got a World ID," which reports that World ID is a new system for proving one's humanity through retinal scans. This is very interesting because it could contribute to identity verification and reliability in the digital world. However, I believe that there are still issues to be resolved, such as privacy protection and security measures, before this system can be widely adopted. What do you all think?

Next is the "Nodal Point of Thought 2023-08-08" page. Here, there is a report of receiving a radio wave called "Nerine," and Kozaneba is used as a tool to organize it. This is an interesting method for organizing information and generating new perspectives and ideas. However, some say that a more advanced system is needed in the age of AI. What are your thoughts on this point?

In addition, the "Crowdsourcing in the Web3 Era" page discusses Web3 as a new form of crowdsourcing. This is very interesting, as it shows the potential for new ways of working and business models that take advantage of distributed Internet technologies. However, I think there are still hurdles to be overcome in the spread of Web3. What do you think?

Finally, there is the "Copying Answers is Futile" page. Here it is stated that in order to solve problems, it is important to learn how to solve them and apply them to new problems, rather than copying the answers. I think this is a very important message in today's society, where abstract thinking and flexible thinking are required. However, I would like to hear your opinions on how exactly I should learn how to solve the problem.

### extra info
json size: 40499114
pickle size: 764850625
TITLES: Diary 2023-08-09, Got a World ID, Diary 2023-08-08, Nodes of Thought 2023-08-08, Crowdsourcing in the Web3 era, Copying answers is futile, numer.ai, The Rise Web3 Crowdsourcing: One Use for Ethereum, Examples of Reorganizing, MTG2023-04-24, New Literacy, "Experiential Process and Creation of Meaning" Study Group 4, "I want you to be aware" is sterile, A big blurry mass is pulled apart by a line, The impetus for the NAME Enemy Group, NAME Enemy Group, VESS Card, SybilRank SybilRank, Omoikane Study Group
num_updated_pages: 19
---
This page is auto-translated from [/nishio/🤖2023-08-10](https://scrapbox.io/nishio/🤖2023-08-10). If you looks something interesting but the auto-translated English is not good enough to understand it, feel free to let me know at [@nishio_en](https://twitter.com/nishio_en). I'm very happy to spread my thought to non-Japanese readers.